Dam Brady taking that adderall before the game I see
@DamnitAddie My therapist didn't think I had BP II when I got diagnosed but I could definitely feel the cycles of deep depression to hypomania. Seroquel has helped a lot: it makes me sleep regularly so that helps me with routines.
i havent taken adderall in so long i forgot how shitty it makes me feel bc all i wanna do is throw up rn dshjksdhdjksa
He is my everything.
wish I had my sleeping meds  trazodone 😓 another sleepless night and over it. My mom doesn’t care but as usual
@oooze_ I take Seroquel due to night terrors/sleepwalking and it works great. My issue is getting back up the next day.
So the #seizures started back up Halloween night. Been having to sleep with my mom. I call these seizures "waves of death" because it feels like I die for a second. Great fun. I needed new trauma lol #Paxil #withdrawals #meds #antidepressants #ssri #Psychiatry
I had a ritalin, now can’t sleep ughhhhh 😖
My second week of work at my job someone brought up butt chugging and it hasn’t been the same since.
i hate when bitches invite me to dinner with their mom bitch im off 12 xanax
Holy fuck. I laid down for nap &amp; my brain launched a FULL SCALE PANIC ATTACK: sobbing, feelings of doom, hyperventilation, akathisia, etc.Took xanax. Incoherently called my aunt &amp; she talked me down some.Now doing work b/c my traitorous brain won’t let me fucking sleep.😑 https://t.co/ehidupmaSJ
adderall makes me so upset like why do you have to make me involuntarily clench my jaw??? I hate????????
suboxone has an absolute hold on me it’s kinda scary how badly my body and mind crave/need it i feel like absolute shit when i haven’t taken it yet or i forget to take it
@joe_no_privacy ive been experimenting a bit w/ caffeine alongside adderall and my response to everything feels like an inconsistent shitshow
took melatonin but then realized i had 5, 90 question practice exams due tonite. looks like it's actually adderall's time to shine
Me:*starts to fall asleep @ 6:30*"Wow I'm so tired I'll take an adderall"Robbie: "Why didn't you just go to bed &amp; get a good night sleep"
@MindfullyBiPola I was finally diagnosed with fibromyalgia. It’s awful. It’s a vicious cycle of pain &amp; depression. I had 1 short depressive episode when I was 18 that was more situational &amp; it was before Prozac. They gave me something that made me feel awful, I stopped it &amp; got better.
wish I had Xanax here
@veryslightt I switched to ritalin, which is honestly better for naps. If I drink caffeine with them it keeps me awake. I was never actually really able to nap during the day until I got stimulant meds.
I am xanax
This is actually my life
By beating the system to fit my needs. Staying up 48 hours straight taking adderall to pass exams not the move
my gma rubbed liquid "xanax" she made all over neck &amp; face, im high drinking bacardi and ribs, mashed potatoes &amp; green beans are being made, im so happy
Autocorrect just tried to turn "albuterol" (my asthma medication) into "album drop". 😂 #asthma
In other news the elbow I’m pretty sure I fractured rolling over in my sleep hurts a lot less now than a month ago as long as I lift nothing heavy. You’d think I was a hypochondriac but no, ha ha, I had to stop taking Actonel for my glass-like bones because it was expensive.
I took a Xanax earlier and woke up 6 hours later remembering why I don’t do that shit
😭😭😭 RT @paige_leblanc: my coworker is currently telling me about how her boyfriend stuffed a xanax up her ass last night &amp; i just really don’t wanna work at fucking applebee’s anymore
Took some Ritalin to stay awake
Only downside of adderall so far is that at any moment itll be sick city bitch
I’m out of vyvanse lol
me waiting to board my delayed flight after popping 2 nyquil and a xanax: https://t.co/ZP9C7ekG8b
this makes me miss home
them: so how did you lose all that weight??me: get your heartbroken &amp; take vyvanse
took xanax out my diet cause it used to make my mood switch. live or die it ain’t up to you God gone choose it
I took my adderall at 6 pm today and now I’m chugging a Rebel from Dutch someone come get me before my heart explodes
I’m prescribed Xanax for my “violent/narcissistic tendencies”, and to just control my anger so I don’t hurt anyone else physically
@crissymilazzo And here I am only taking Xanax because I like the taste
me trying to fix my sleep schedule vs me taking an adderall at 10pm
craving Xanax again so obviously im stressed
DEAD
Oh I felt this one
I like how my aunt says Xanax is bad for you and doesn’t help anxiety, but this bitch is popping half a pill every night to sleep. #HYPOCRITE
Hahahahahahahahh
Kids nowadays so fucking ungrateful
Mood when my privileged ass worked in food service:
you’re my xanax
I took my adderall when I woke up rather than at 6 when I would normally take it and i was not cranky but I was so focused on finding collectibles in god of war that I spent all my time doing that. I have one more to take for today but I want to save it for tonight to stay awake.
this is ridiculous I need my effexor prescription back
Anyone ever been on Humira shots before?
LMAO why is this so relatable after i take my adderall
TOOK XANAX OUT MY DIET CUS IT WOULD MAKE MY MOOD SWITCH
well this pain sucks so these 2 muscle relaxers and xanax say FUCK YOU 🌠
@Cheribear06 I ate like 12 times today. So no judgement. #Xanax
@YellowDogBill First psychiatrist visit is tomorrow morning. Here's hoping I don't have to get prescribed Seroquel or trazodone. That crap made me feel so sick
This time I peed and took Xanax before boarding #HateToFly
@VETTE____ Dying without adderall so I have to make up for it
My adderall wore off.  Idk what to do with myself https://t.co/xi8KgsR89f
LMAOOOO this was my exact feeling when I worked at fucking Applebee’s
This Xanax has made me really freaking sleepy
going ✈️ vyvanse
I think everyone diagnosed with anxiety should be prescribed xanax, they make you feel great
Shoutout to Prozac for making me feel so much fucking better you my main man now
Adderall would make me 10 times crazier
mood
I really need a Xanax right fucking now
I REALLY BE TRYNA FIX MY LIFE WHEN I'M OFF THAT ADDERALL
Me too paige
LITERALLY WOULD HEAR THIS KIND OF SHIT ALL THE TIME WORKING THERE IM DYING 😭
I literally told someone TOday this is how I felt about outback
🐝⬅️🍎 RT @paige_leblanc: my coworker is currently telling me about how her boyfriend stuffed a xanax up her ass last night &amp; i just really don’t wanna work at fucking applebee’s anymore
