Orrrrr you can just take Adderall
Valium, Xanax I’m going to need something because I’m already starting to freak out
I know Edge Day was yesterday, but I’m happy to report that I’ve been accidentally taking half my prescribed dosage of adderall for my ADHD. #edgetildeath #bayareastr8edj
My chilli just took a vyvanse.
LMFAOOOOOO DO YOUR THING NATURAL SELECTION
Bro it’s EVERYWHERE
Y’all are so down on wearing pants. For me that shits like taking Adderall. Like yes, now I’m gonna be productive. Or sit on the couch anyway, but be slightly more uncomfortable and sweaty.
Taking lyrica during the day time is weird. I feel like a zombie
@mikachu Makes sense. I got mine at 1.5 years so his separation anxiety was/is bad. But the Prozac is helping!
@KellKe11 Seroquel gets me enough sleep to get by.  But if I forget just one dose, it's nightmare insomnia.
went to the doctor for chest pain &amp; left w medicine for my chest pain, back on my prozac, &amp; some sleeping meds. also got a flu shot &amp; had to get blood drawn but my veins collapsed in both arms so that’s cool 👍🏻
@MrQuaDriller i feel like the backlit devices one is really what’s screwing me over because other than that i 1) can’t consume more than one cup of coffee a day because RITALIN, 2) don’t sleep during the day, because RITALIN, 3) don’t drink alcohol during the week, because acid reflux
Tomorrow night I start the switch from seroquel to seroquel XR. A little nervous just because of how my mood has been lately.
@MrQuaDriller (caused by RITALIN) and so really the only option left to me is my phone.
@PulmCrit @fjaffer88 For everyone? I tend to use Seroquel if they're delirious.
my adderall kicked in rn in class https://t.co/rb8Fqga2d1
Jesus Christ this thread. The fucking nasonex bee making me weep.
@sk8ie i’ve had bad heart burn for two weeks straight so i went in to a new family doc &amp; in the paperwork i had to check off depression &amp; anxiety &amp; so she put me back on prozac &amp; I don’t sleep thru the night so now i’m on sleeping meds
Hour 32 of being awake and I just bought 3 60 MG Vyvanse I’m going on a spiritual journey to stay awake for 4 days and see how much my body can take
I took 3 Xanax bars from 9am-3pm.. I’m not gonna remember anything when I wake up tomorrow
Have difficulty making decisions?Yes?You suffer from ADHD.This causes bellybutton growth.Try Adderall
Me when I first did Xanax around my family lmfaoo
I found some xanax in my bed I took that shit went back to sleep they will miss me when I'm dead I lay my head and rest in peace.
Hours away from the game and already I need to double up on my Nexium!!  #dodamage #bostonluvr #RedSox #ALCS
everyone say thank you lyrica okano! https://t.co/PfkjIJ2tQL
I took adderall and studied for my exam all day man
Cleaning my car, &amp; I just found a baggie of adderall I thought I had lost. Biiiitch 😝
@phenomena @angeweeni It’s literally a Xanax clone https://t.co/gdY6aFvKmC
I’m hungry asf off an adderall so imma have my stomach rumblin till I’m done with class
My friend is offering me Xanax but I feel fucked up rn so idk maybe I'll save it for when I talk to michael so that I won't feel too self conscious to speak
@Adderall @netflix wtf fr
@zoieboatright_8 Girl my heart would explode if I took adderall 😂
IDK Who Uglier A1 Momma, or Lyrica Momma 😐😐😩😩🤔
My anxiety is so high I need to take a xanax to take a xanax.
I’m hungry asf, off an adderall so imma have my stomach rumblin till I’m done with class
Ok. I am thinking this flare might be waning a little. Not like "no pain" but like I am gasping and yelping less. I will take that. Back to pregabalin tonight.
@DoctorChristian I was prescribed tamiflu during the first swine flu outbreak (all those years ago). I developed a severe headache and stomach pains approx 1 hr after each pill. I felt dreadful. I thought it was the flu at first. awful stuff
I might fuck her off a xanax.
My albuterol prescription is ready @cvspharmacy. (I had my flu shot on Tuesday.) Off I go to get it. Until then, people. 😊
Fuck xanax.
Y’all have been persecuting vegans this whole time when the vyvanse hits.
More bad news about benzos: Xanax, Valium Tied to Higher Suicide Risk in COPD Patients With PTSD https://t.co/aKkMMYa2zf
@BrockittJeff Uncle Jeffy got bars.. no Xanax
You know you’re tired when you fall asleep on your Adderall and coffee
@shanedawson Travel around the world with Xanax
@seanpmackinnon @MrQuaDriller sustained release, the variant is lisdexamphetamine (vyvanse).
Knowing Xanax Side Effects https://t.co/2Xnfyw92z0 https://t.co/VngzmQLUMJ
Thank god because all of these trash Xanax rappers are getting on my nerves
update on my life: my therapy (camhns) team said they couldn't do anything to help me so im done with therapyas im off therapy i cant take my meds so im having withdrawl symptoms fuck prozac!and my dad boght me a harvard hoodie (: (thanks dad its very comfy)how's your life?
I’ve never been hit on at gas station 😂 Only once did a drunk man come up to me and take my Gatorade, another time my friends and I were asked if we knew where to get Xanax. Lmao
Just started on Prozac, anything I should know? #anxiety https://t.co/fCRTd6OA9T
107 on calc exam. I'd like to thank 30mg Vyvanse for your hard deidication. You had my back when studying felt like the end of the world
@DrMel_T Damn, same here! I’m on 50-100mg seroquel at night otherwise I can’t shut my brain off. It takes a long time to get going in the morning. I don’t feel ‘myself’ again until early evening. But yeah my brain goes into overdrive otherwise and I can stop “doing stuff”.
@ARIESTHEREYET omg i stopped taking my adderall inhigh school havent been the same since x
A motorist driving a car with only three wheels was charged with DUI this morning in suburban Riverside. The driver allegedly told police he had taken Xanax with alcohol before getting behind the wheel. https://t.co/fpjsGEFwZh
I was waiting for Brandon to get Adderall for me to focus. I was having a hard time. Already
aaaalllso I may or may not be insanely stressed out right now because I'm down to 11 dexedrine tablets and I still have no idea when I'll be getting my refill of adderall. This is a confounded mess of a situation.
lord
Literally you in high school lol
@lisakayprice @RachelJuly16 39 years taking antidepressants. It’s interesting. Prozac worked great for six months it’s on my list my body doesn’t metabolize. https://t.co/8XnC9YTJxc
i used to boof xanax at raves , now i work for the government. life is crazy.
I don't know where I would be without Michelle. Between my spinal problems, blinding headache, and dealing with withdrawal from Lyrica. She's been able to help keep me moving in the right direction.  https://t.co/zAVthd3OEt via @MassageBook
My dad has three broken ribs, internal bleeding, and a blood clot.. he couldn’t be more happier high on Xanax right now
My fav thing about adderall is that I’m v dehydrated so even though I’ve been violently crying for 30 min I haven’t shed a tear!
on the real xanax is a monotone sad as fuck cloud boy we cry
so i had to put that ritalin on my debit card which overdrafted me I HATE LIFE!
This is how you know I’m stressed out when my period was 7days late and as soon as I take some Xanax to calm myself from having an anxiety attack then it comes.
@Jude__ME I have been on Duloxetine for a month. For me, it is like I have been spiked with speed/amphetamine. But 3 hours sleep maximum per day without heavy medication, not good.
@mellyb1979 That’s what my mom said to do hhaha ( dr prescribed!!) i took my bunny out instead because you can’t drive on Xanax and i felt trapped
I think the only reason I listen to Number 1 Angel more than Pop2 is bc it reminds me of my adderall fueled summer https://t.co/z2BtF2UQhn
fuck yeahgonna pop a seroquel and watch this in bed
Today's day 2 on #Latuda. Today I noticed that there were times I couldn't sit still, was agitated about 50-75% of the day, and broke down crying for a solid 30 seconds (seriously, less than an actual minute) when I got home. Lol.
@realDonaldTrump are having patients get on suboxone! This is just as addictive! #Trump2020
i found some xanax in my bedi took that shit, went back to sleep
my brain is seriously in need of some of that ativan or xanax like sis calm down, drink some water, take a nap, leave my body the fuck alone https://t.co/8I5LSVcbRD
ever since I started taking Prozac all the dreams that I can remember have been fucking WEIRD, lmao
ugh he was better off when he was posting every day tbh i’d rather watch him taking xanax on a plane than being like ‘oH mY GoD JeFFreE WHaT ThE FUCK’
Cigarettes and adderall been keeping me alive
Have an aversion to tight spaces?Yes?You suffer from Kleptomania.This causes hallucinations.Try Adderall
shane having an aggressive alarm for when he has to take adderall is me with xanax
@Stephan65282983 I do I have hypothyroid. It's terrible. I got it from Drs giving me too much Lithium when I was 20 yrs old( awhile ago). I take synthroid but I also take Iodine, and different supplements on my own
@PaulMayATL I canvassed in PA thru E-Day 2016, drove home, was awakened by a friend w/almost the worst news of my life. I re-upped Netflix, HBO, broke out the airplane-reserved Xanax, &amp; turned everyone away with "Can't talk yet" for 2 days.  This year will ROCK! #VOTEBLUE
I don’t ever sip alone, Xanax and patrón I don’t remember getting home🤤🤤 cole_cole76 https://t.co/75UmAwQgVe
Tomorrow I’ll be flying back to Arizona with my little brother to pack up my entire 4 bedroom house in 24 hours that I just sold.I will need tons of weed &amp; Adderall &amp; don’t think I’ll sleep. Thinking about streaming the entire thing once I land on the plane. Thoughts?
I don’t get my doctor not prescribing me xanax bc it’s a controlled substance when it would literally help my anxiety
Sometimes Prozac annoys me because I feel angry, I wanna be angry but it just gets hard to breath and it disturbs me just how emotionless I am
Thank fuck for my aunt giving me a Xanax, felt like I was going to explode #singleparents #werehardcore #cantstopwontstop
I’ve successfully narrowed down my prospect list for cuffing season! Finalists: * me* myself* Prozac
I have an addiction for ambien and Xanax
@brooklynsbeat Dude, take a Xanax and chill for a min. It’s literally game 1. I don’t think Rockets fans, Grizzlies fans, Heat fans are worried right now. If things aren’t looking right 5 games in then feel free to continue these rants, but right now they’re a little much
Hopefully today's problems were caused by stress and my starting Cymbalta again, on an empty stomach. Ugh.
tbh everyone needs to take half a xanax and calm tf down
One of my favorite "I'm on Adderall and I have so much school work to do" albums https://t.co/zfmrF9Vdha
Both of them ladies ugly af
#Beto is fidgety as hell. How much adderall is this dude on? #TexasTownHall
Thing that made sense, gave me control and it was a way to punish myself because I hated myself. I also developed an unhealthy relationship with alcohol and my prescription of Xanax and klonopin. In May of 2015, I tried to kill myself. Ended up in the hospital and woke up two-
Attention to all you bums
Have a mumbling issue?You probably have ADHD.This causes bellybutton growth.Try Prozac
love ritalin. love having wicked dry mouth and drinking two drinks in five hours then suffering for the last three hours of my shift being thirsty as hell
my patronous would be a xanax
My uncle wrecks my grandpops truck and this fucker calls me unrescricted asking about Xanax nigga didn’t you take enough bars today smfh @TheTrevorShorb that’s your uncle G lol
Why adderall so hard to find?
@_thatbitchalexa Stop taking adderall in the middle of the day
@TheGiftedonFOX If you don’t learn to control yourself, you end up eating Xanax off the floor in front of your wife while haviing a meltdown. You have to pick yourself up, Reed.
my mom gave me a throat lozenge and my tongue is numb. everything is not fine.
@DarthAndeddu_ The first times I went over your house I would be on my Xanax everyday. I bet you couldn't even tell
Also. Took my first humira shot 24 hours ago and already see a noticeable difference. I’m gaining my life back!! 🙌🏻🤞🏻
Genuinely crying 😭💀
My 3 main food groups: Cymbalta, Cigarettes, and Grapes
it was either my Xanax or my pain Percocets.. my anxiety I feel I can deal w/ in a different way.
glad I stopped taking my meds
Switch your Xanax dose to fentanyl cupcake
Geez xanax stop making me feel cloudy I’m trying to dissolve my ego, ugh!
When you drunk &amp; ready to see bae
Friend: “I got adderall today”Me: “I didn’t know you got diagnosed with cool guy syndrome”
Update: coming off adderall is not fun Don’t think I’ll take it again because this feeling sucks lol
@FIoridaMan i been taking it for a couple months kobe and i take adderall for my a.d.d in the morning
xanax is like monotone sad as fuck cloud boy
@xvlaine its literally just a xanax, and i am currently off an amount of 2
I currently have to take uhh 8 pills a day not counting the one off Xanax lmfao
Wouldn’t want that. Read my thread with my friend just now @MichaelHallman4
I remember when I was selling adderall. Everyone had something to talk about... now? Lol
I remember when I was selling adderall. Everyone had something to talk about...
@angelinguini @ShitReySays adderall makes me feel too crazy i’m on a crack only diet
My wife has just informed me that my #moods are better since I started taking #seroquel and I couldn’t be happier, for her and for me #bipoar #Aspergers #ActuallyAutistic #winning #OneDayAtATime #KeepTalkingMH https://t.co/15EbizRYVo
I remember when I was selling adderall. Everyone had something to talk about...
People take everything so fucking deep lol take some Xanax jEsUs
I miss the feeling of being on adderall.... crackhead making? 🤧
Have hot flashes?Yes?You suffer from an extra chromosome.This causes masturbation.Try Ritalin
This is phenomenal. I might take an adderall and stay up all night just to watch this on repeat
Today I had to cure my hangover with a adderall
Forgot to take my Xanax🙄🙄🙄 and I’m getting anxious
me: girl who just took an adderall: yea i just took an adderall
Move over Xanax, here comes LSD
Relaxation tip: take a Xanax and lounge on your new 10 foot velvet couch that is so huge that you feel like the only inhabitant of soft island
I am such a better person off adderall it’s wilddddd
Bitch I'm off a Xanax, a damn flat, and damn thrax
@sammorril College students coming off adderall.
Faded to sade remix &gt; @chrisbrown x Lyrica Forever my song
good thing I just smoke weed 😅😩
This series is great, but @shanedawson xanax on an airplane is EVERYTHING.
Idk if anyone does as much adderall as my coworker
You have to beat Lil pump in a Xanax eating contest first
think you poppin Xanax bars but it’s fentanyl
I feel so weird bc I’m on valium and adderall every day as well as a bunch of other meds like antidepressants and antipsychotics, YET I still feel more normal than I felt without the medication... so I guess it’s working?
Why I googled the use of Xanax lmaoooo. I never knew the real reason people were actually prescribed those pills, only know people took it to get high
Being at the laundromat on adderall is the worst. I’m just staring at my clothes spinning back and forth while I grind my teeth.
These Xanax got me outta there frfr
Fantastic. I have no therapy appointments scheduled because she never called me back and my sleep meds and my hope for Xanax wasnt addressed by my psych who dropped me because I said I wanted to be re-diagnosed.
Girl i-
I need to go take another Adderall , my eyes are about to close!
Bars = place to drink alcoholBars = rap versesBars = xanaxDon’t get it confused.
My thyroid must have been functioning at a really low level cuz after taking synthroid my body is actually processing food and stuff! Cool cool 😎
Y’all should’ve made him leave when he compared the size of that rat to Lyrica....I just...oh God 😂😂😭😭😭
I have to replant my mirena very soon, and I'm fucking gonna lose my mind. I went in at 15 on Xanax and it was SOOO very fucking painful, I can't imagine this whole "remove and replace in one motion" nonsense. I'm already cramping thinking about it. Send vibes. My cervix hurts.
me: h-girl who just took an adderall: Yeah lol i just took an addy 😝🤪
This #humira is kicking my tail...I feel so sluggish.
This #humira is kicking my tail...I feel so sluggish.
oomf complains alllllll dayyyyyy loonnngggfg like sis take a Xanax
I had heart failure too age 47. For 2 yrs my Drs. didn’t believe me, finally got pacemaker. Neurontin, Topamax, etc.
This has to be my real mom. HAS TO BE
Have you eaten today?Yes?You suffer from ADD.This causes hallucinations.Try Ritalin
I took a vyvanse and drank two energy drinks so I could get work done and I'm still falling asleep
my diet this winter will consist of a steady flow of adderall up my nose holes so i stay sweaty FUCK THE COLD
@DereckRd2 @fjxsu Sometimes you just gotta let the adderall take control
I’ve been taking Effexor (venlafaxine) since March 1st and it has basically ruined my life. I know everyone has different experiences with medication but the withdrawals and side effects are AWFUL for me, and I’ve read that others have this experience with it as well.
Anyway, I just thought this was useful info. I don’t think antidepressants are bad necessarily, this one just didn’t work for me and I thought I’d share my experience for anyone that’s been looking into taking Effexor. If I could go back in time, I probably would not take it lmao
@mjawandz11 I was on Effexor briefly last year, and I had similar experiences. It was awful.
Money’s the reason I gotta take Ritalin
Bars lol I was rolling when I heard that
The best thing about being a piece of shit is that when you’re hungry and have nothing to eat, you can just eat an adderall. Someone wife me up, promise you’ll never have to cook for me and I won’t waste our money on fast food.
This where lyrica get her beautiful ass voice from
Cigarettes and Adderall been keeping me alive.
@markberman I gotta go take my Paxil. I forgot this morning and I'm starting to feel everything is crazy again.  I know it must be me.
Fuckin Darlene
The world is a terrible place and I’m no longer afraid to abuse Xanax again
@mjawandz11 @basquiatball I was on Effexor for 6 years. Leaving it felt like unlocking 30% of myself
After last night's game I think Dr. James Andrews prescribed Adderall to this ALCS. It seems to be working
the moment this is over im taking 10 xanax and taking a fucking nap
Man, I hopped up out this Earth and turned into a star.Baby girl, forgot you like I ate a xanax bar.
I get to up my dose of Prozac to 10mg in two days yay! Anyone have any side effects when going up a dose? How long did they last? The first time all I had was the shits for a day and then I was fine lol
yes the adderall withdraws suck
The highlight of my day is going to be when I take a Xanax in 5 hours in hopes of sleeping on my flight.
@dr_dot Too many Ritalin me thinks?
Smh
yes the adderall withdraws suck
@jackie_meow @MARILove_tweets I’ve been taking Xanax
@ArielleScarcell I get headaches but I'm not on prozac
I know! I just don’t know what song
@CanisFamiliariz it might not, these things affect people differently. like i've been on fluoxetine for like 2 years now and have basically no side effects other than dry mouth, but it made my best friend em so tired she had to switch meds, which is what happened to me w sertraline
Doctor told me I can't take Ritalin on an empty stomach. Did a little research, found out most people take it before meal bc food makes it less effective........ https://t.co/RP5aGHLlfh
Those kids are high off 30 perc’s n Xanax bars
Cuddles and kisses &gt;&gt;&gt; A Xanax
Adderall got me bussssssiiiinnnn 😬💯
@Octav1usKitten I've been on fluoxetine for a couple months now.  Seems to work.
Have difficulty making decisions?Yes?You suffer from Pica.This causes eye hemorrhagingTry Adderall
replaced adderall with running #notsolazyassstoner https://t.co/dozp4n87rX
me: girl who just took an adderall: yea i just took an adderall
Oh, HELL yeah! (Let me take my Lipitor first, tho’)
@RyanMarino @LJEinhorn @Dr_DownBlock1 What is an alternative to baclofen for muscle pain?
Always there on my mind in personal experience !
i need adderall or something because i have not been able to focus on my homework at all and it’s been 5 hours sos
Today I am thankful for adderall
Ive also been out of Paxil for so many days 😭. I have nothing going for me right now.
@ItsNicoleCarman I had a good experience on Latuda but took me a couple weeks to get past side effects.
Fuck xanax.
Everyone annoying af I need some XANAX
Country doesn’t need to be capitalized dumbass. Lay off the Xanax and get off your toilet
.5 chill from anxiety 2mg... today didn't happen... Xanax!
@heythistlewitch I don't have to have weird waking-up nightmares about mundane things. It may be only on work nights but without Xanax, I literally wouldn't sleep.
smh adderall really failed me when i needed it most
@emilycatheryne Has everybody you’ve EVER fucked needed a throat lozenge?  Because this has recently become a recurring theme. https://t.co/jH2crrZw1Q
my adderall @ my brain: https://t.co/LFUlqncJYm
Shot my nigga down that shit change me , poppin xanax cus the pain deep
me trying to be discreet selling my manager vyvanse while at work https://t.co/EmvvJWO4hr
@EddieEGT @StrainCentral Lexapro made me super angry all the time and Effexor is what I’m on now but the withdrawal effects are the worst. I hate being on meds
@NewQuistShani there ain’t none of that, she “overdosed” on xanax while her kids were w her then she totaled her car and apparently has a brain bleed but is conscious. it seems like anthony and his mom have sympathy for her which is bothering me the most
does anyone else feel like their brain is overheating and buzzing when they take adderall
Worse than all else for me now is my father’s insistence that a Xanax would cure all my problems. Jeez, Dad, you’ve been pushing zombie pills on me for over 20 years and I’ve said “NO” every time.
@tchajkovsky THAT PISSES ME OFF KNOWING COLLEGE KIDS POPPING ADDERALL TO GET STRAIGHT A's LIKE I DIDNT NEED THAT SHIT TO PERFORM AT BARE MINIMUM
Two innings until Kimbrel o'clock...anyone have some extra Xanax? #RedSox
Boys, as I approach hour 40 of being awake and my heart pumping out of my chest from 120 MGs of Vyvanse I leave you with this:Drugs are amazing
i took .5mg xanax and i feel 75% better. Literally .5mg. So frustrating
@TBENawti Did 1.75 G of Blow and 120 MG of Vyvanse in a 39 hour span. My body is ACHING
@rosamystica11 My son has been taking enbrel for years. Worked wonders
I realize everyone hate me and I’m so depressed I want Xanax asap
This vyvanse gonna have me up all night smh
i keep my xanax in my fleshlight
@Ironhorse76 I've become a walking Xanax.
My brain when I take my adderall while pulling an all nighter to start on an assignment that I didn’t do earlier bc of my poor executive function: https://t.co/aoRjiC6xRL
My brain when I take my adderall while pulling an all nighter to start on an assignment that I didn’t do earlier bc of my poor executive function: https://t.co/x9K6USsfaC
Just got #BlackOps4 and I’ve been waiting all day to pop my adderall for this moment right here .. *takes deep breath* https://t.co/FHYpxItYys
Lyrica sr looked lowkey decent in that car light...Maybe it was the angles...maybe my phone resolution...idk but she didn't look as bad as on the show
Well, I just can't take the BS anymore. My anxiety is just topping out. Xanax is my friend, and that's as scary as what's happening to our country. Anyway, I'm gonna step back till November 7th., and hope like hell I'll be cheering for that #BlueWave .
“This rat the size of... Lyrica.” I AM DEAD. My God.
Every day I make it without refilling my Xanax prescription is a step closer to the inevitable nervous breakdown that I subconsciously crave
i’m so tired all the time. someone please shove an iced coffee up my ass &amp; an adderall down my throat
Gon hop on this Adderall tmr so I don’t be falling asleep 😭
//I haven’t had my vyvanse today so if things aren’t making sense it’s because my fingers and brain are both moving to fast for me to make much sense of things
RITALIN DAY ONE: getting the
@CarlynZwaren @RyanMarino @JoshBloomACSH @emergVictorious Ugh. I can never take tramadol again. I was on Effexor for years when I was prescribed tramadol. Serotonin syndrome is no fun. And then it took for-freaking-ever to find a good antidepressant. Talk about depressing.
Stop yelling gang shit when all you do is eat Xanax with your loser ass friends.
@MaryNumair hi it’s me! the guy who swirls a lozenge around in my mouth clacking my molars
Send a text to my ex, blame it on the xanax
Lil baby said “Tylenol, Adderall, n Percocets they keep me faded” 😹😹😹boy if u don’t sit ya headache studyin ass down
Only thing keeping me alive is the adderall 😑
just my opinion but xanax is fucking awful and my life would have been so much better if i had never been perscribed it and gotten hooked on it
@KellKe11 I take 150mg of trazodone at night and I’m not very fond of it because it keeps me drowsy the next morning for awhile. Hopefully my psychiatrist listens to me and gives me ambien because it worked in every way for me when I had it in the hospital bc the IV made me too scared.🙌🏻
@Toorichy2 @Victor_Abati I also watch @LlFEOFRlCKEY videos, sucks the depression right out of me. Better than any Xanax!
Kimbrel warming up. Get the xanax, klonopin, alcohol, or anxiety remedy of your choice ready. #RedSox
is there such thing as a trazodone fairy?
Only time I’ve ever thought I felt “normal” was when I was on adderall lol smh
I should have taken a xanax
@KattyKayBBC @AleemMaqbool @HardballChris They had no clue. She was acting out because she was in pain. I did manage to get a Xanax in her. The ambulance finally showed up 10 mins later. The cops were here for half hour.  All they did was make everything worse. I will never call 911 ever again.
I want that xanax feeling immediately
gd accidentally forgetting to take my adderall for 3 days n then going back to it makes me so galaxy brain
I just saw a photo that snoop posted of how many blunts he smokes in a day and got chills knowing that’s pretty fkn close to how much weed I was smoking daily this time last year on top of being medicated on seroquel holy shit
Post nut clarity is emotional adderall
I just took a xanax don’t know where my head at
should i take this xanax i forgot was in my pocket?
@normal_now buy adderall from me, beautiful Mormon child
Everyone asked for my adderall in high school as if I would give away my power like that
@mckenzkeith you *got* to cure your hangover with adderall
im angry! im sad! i wish i was dead! im overwhelmed! i need to make sure i take my prozac tonight!
@short_southern I was born without a thyroid. I’ve taken synthroid my entire life.
@dorseyshaw @SwiftOnSecurity I like Xanax and it likes me
once I stop feeling so alone, get over erlo and this heartache I haven’t been able to let go, get some more time off of work so I have more than one day off a week to live, re-establish some kind of sleep schedule, stop pulling adderall-fueled all nighters... I’ll be kinda okay.
my dog has been full psycho the past two days, gave him a xanax which did nothing, considering taking him to emergency vet and come to find out he was scared of the pile of laundry next to my bed :-)
I’m FaceTiming my old roommate cause she asked me for adderall and she literally thinks I got it by sucking dick 🤨
my dog has been full psycho the past two days, gave him a xanax which did nothing, considered taking him to emergency vet and come to find out he was scared of the pile of laundry next to my bed :-)
TWO CUP &amp; A BAD BITCH. THEN I POP ME A XANAX, QUICK!!!!
Me: i rly need to start taking better care of my body. Everything hurts.Also me: *is currently running on 4 hrs of sleep, 2 cans of UCC, 2 Ensure high protein shakes, and half a tablet of 30mg adderall*
My vyvanse prescription is carrying my academic career
Everyone, thanks for coming to see little old me today! #Lyrica #Bot
I think my adderall has crack in it
The two passengers behind me hit it off and are making plans to hang out please donate Xanax to my gofundme
Fallin outta love with the xanax livin my life on the edge no sacrifices in this bitch https://t.co/Utg2Xk5xgz
Adderall?! What’s the dosage?
@cIarith My vyvanse always makes me jittery. But these are the possible reactions to stimulants  (specifically adderall) people have reported: insomnia and anxiety and agitation, as well as somnolence (excessive sleepiness) and fatigue https://t.co/FpDQQzPT6B
high watching movies on adderall withdraws
Have difficulty making decisions?You probably have Tourettes.This causes masturbation.Try Ritalin
@xvvvier @TheSydneyJo Idk Xanax bars are pretty tough to swallow idk why you even mentioned pills tho
My waiter just said yeah I need a blunt or a Xanax or a shot right now 😂😂 (Buffalo Wild wings is slammed)
Prolly shouldn’t have taken that adderall but too late now yaknow
Her dreams went out the doorWhen she turned 24
this was me in high school
Got offered Xanax at work today...so that’s how my life’s been going this week
Not everyone is taking Adderall.https://t.co/cmcjjlvNpv
@cutielamerr Dealing for nearly 20 years. I’m sorry. It really sucks. I have emergency Xanax for the really debilitating ones. Like sobbing on the floor at Raley’s. Lol. But for the frequent ones I carry CBD oil, and repeat this to myself “I am okay, I am safe.” And count my breaths slowly.💖
This is BULLSHIT. My young cousin Abigail was addicted and arrested for heroin abuse.. my cousin fucking SUFFERING in silence and didn’t tell me anything.. I live knowing my cousin didn’t want me to know... how dare you say this shit? Shut the entire fuck up!
ambien &gt; xanax &gt; klonopin &gt; ativan &gt; benadryl &gt; zzzquil &gt; sleepy time tea &gt; melatonin
Never related to something so well.
Trying to fall asleep after taking adderall too late in the day https://t.co/MMYAmNqSfp
Unclear if I am an extremely tolerant person or the amount of Xanax I take to fly just makes me indifferent to crying babies, turbulence, and armrest hogging seat neighbors
If I tweet two times in a row or more it’s probably cus Im off the adderall ngl
a year ago today i took 120 mg of adderall and stayed up for 3 days thx snapchat flashback 🤪😩☝🏻🤩
i use to chew on them xanax to get me thru the times 😓
I'm still confused about Sicko Mode. Half a Xanax knocked Drake out for 13 hours? Ok.
@flyaway_k Me too! Thanks to that bastard, I’m now on medication for high blood pressure and anxiety. Truthfully, I’m not that anxious, but the Xanax just takes the edge off since I don’t drink.
i cant sleep should i take another trazodone
Duuuuude some people literally cannot handle Xanax. If you don’t have anxiety (your words not mine) you have NO BUSINESS TAKING IT
@WorldOfWonder @JinkxMonsoon @Sahoyah Pm me for quality Xanax https://t.co/PkLlaJLj1E
Flashback to the night my dad saw my penis after I took a Xanax
Now that I’m over my Levaquin reaction time to hit contest shape https://t.co/CyvNO29IAR
but then again, i drank , smoked, and did adderall so idk how much sleep imma get tn without my brain plaguing me with heavy self harm thoughts...
Have an itchy tongue?Yes?You suffer from Skitzo.This causes numbness.Try Prozac
BITCH I FEEL WIDE AWAKE NOW thank god for Adderall
i get so much deja vu on adderall
caffeine isn’t doing it anymore who’s got adderall
On my disability application I wouldn't have had to go through this. The two things that pissed me off were this broads assumption I was lying about being depressed bc all of a sudden she goes NO YOU ARE IT SAYS HERE YOU - I cut her off and said I take cymbalta for pain. "Oh"
Yeah you know what fuck you. The other thing I found annoying and to be fair to her she knew it was bothering me was having to explain why I had anxiety from work. Over. And over. And. Over. OH AND THEN she says BUT YOU ARE TAKING XANAX. ma'am I stopped Xanax
“Yeah I weighed 125 too when I was addicted to vyvanse.” 😂
took vyvanse... smoked.... just took more vyvanse AND drinking coffee &amp; a redbull lol RIP to me
Because you left the Xanax in your checked bag? 🤷🏻‍♀️
SIGNAL BOOST FOR MY ATTENTION SP--oh look a bird...
thinking about adderall &lt;3
seroquel ain’t a joke man https://t.co/qs8o3p1q65
So are you saying ADHD doesn’t exist ?
I was in deeeeeeeeeehhheepppp sleep overdose xanax   now still sleepy. https://t.co/WCPNiBLjJN
Just don’t touch that wack shit fam
Also I should stop taking Xanax to get through my workday because my memory is shot bc of it
I miss andres man
Jonah Hill on the breakfast club off the SUPER ADDERALL bro is fucking FLYING
Ur still my gf
kinda weird but like my adderall I swear seems to function like an antidepressant in addition to helping me focus. I notice I just feel generally more at ease when I'm on it. Less of the "oh god I'm a horrible person why am I alive" that tends to come in waves organically.
I’m so numb haha
I cannot relax off a adderall fax
@zCloudFlare well fuck that🤦🏻‍♀️i guess i’ll be pickin up my adderall prescription instead😂🙉
My story of how antidepressants have dominated and ruined my life:I was 16; mildly depressed after a turbulent upbringing etc. Doctor prescribed 5mg Prozac (Fluoxetine) alongside therapy. Still feel terrible months later. I return to the doctors however my usual GP is away..
I feel like someone without ADHD who took 70mg of adderall for no reason. I'm blasted awake right now.
is it hubris to refill my xanax script in anticipation
Has anyone ever taken Seroquel and/or Propranolol? What was your experience? I'm a little nervous to start this stuff...
I’ve been joking this whole week about needing adderall for school but I literally have adhd, deadass dumb bitch mode
@sandra_kayy I did seroquel- it just made me sleepy and gain some weight
Have contradictory feelings?Yes?You suffer from an extra chromosome.This causes mental misplacement.Try Adderall
FOREVER PUTTING LYRICA AS MY PROFILE PIC
Drake had his most human moment when he talked about taking xanax to sleep his 13 hour flight on sicko mode.
@SeanMichaelol RIGHT. Im literally 2020 days sober from xanax and lolol I dont think I ever slept off even half a schoolbus
Know this bad bitch from Morocco I must shove my beef her tacoMy Xanax is green like some guaco
Have dependency issues?Yes?You suffer from Avoidant Personality Disorder.This causes mental misplacement.Try Prozac
I want to cut my dose of venlafaxine but I'm terrified of my depression worsening and I have no one around me to help
weird flex but ok
My guy leave this topic, it’s above you
Shoreline mafia concert was lit asf, found $20 on the floor &amp; someone threw me 2 Xanax’s🤪 guess you could say it was lit 🤟🏼
man whys my throat feel like im gargling fire ants can a bitch get a lozenge
@tenithetomboy Chillout. Take a Xanax. Life is so much better when you’re emotionless. Glatki
@amariiahn Xans or seroquel are the best for long rides.
Have suicidal thoughts?Yes?You suffer from Dyslexia.This causes bellybutton growth.Try Ritalin
@advancedstats23 it really sucks :/ i was mostly dependent on effexor just because of the withdrawals, it didn’t really do much for my actual depression
Been on my own in my gaff for 3 hrs nearly and I’m already going mental. I’m gonna need Ritalin for these flights in November man... Swear down ADD gets worse with age, not better.
I need a plug for adderall school is kicking my ass this week 😂😓
Yesterday was the first time someone asked me “do you take Xanax?” And I still don’t know how I feel about it. Weird vibes bruh
hey everyone it’s the middle of the night i just left my store from staying after hours to move shit but now i’m gonna be up for the next 24 hrs on this coffee and adderall binge lmao it’s 3am but good morning
Him: tea valium's kinda like XanaxMe: reallly? Indont reallyfezl it Him:.... Are you sure
woke up feeling so relaxed, is my venlafaxine starting to kick in???🤔
@dorseyshaw XANAX OK ATIVAN NOT WITH WINE THOUGH SHROOMS HANDS DOWN. LET ME ME GET MY JAMMYS ON, HIDE UNDER MY BLANKET AND LAUGH THE REST OF THE NIGHT🍄🍄🍄
Him: yea valium's kinda like XanaxMe: reallly? Indont reallyfezl it Him:.... Are you sure
I wished you loved me like you did Xanax
I, myself, scare naked #NoChill without ready adderall
Omg I should’ve taken a Xanax. There’s a baby that won’t stop crying on this flight
@LycanLabs @manfightdragon Ritalin, for ADHD but mainly for my sleep disorder
Took a fatass sleeping pill and a xanax so we’ll see how it goes
Weight Loss Before And After Vyvanse : WATCH ME MELT!! 95lbs Weight loss Before/After Slideshow &gt; https://t.co/s1UKQLqu1g #weightloss #fatloss #diet https://t.co/4fVbA6l5Mt
@mademoiselevert @runawaygirl248 I tried venlafaxine for side effects just awful 🙁made me really ill. When I stopped taking it the withdrawal symptoms including  brain “zaps” put me in bed for days.
Adderall smacks wtf
You jobby-flavoured fart lozenge
Be safe guys, I’ve been hearing a lot about this lately.
me: I’m gonna take an adderall and finish all my homework *takes an adderall* me:
@probablyautist @Truthman30 I was on Paxil as a teenager, before it was found that it can cause suicidal thoughts in under 18s.I had to be rushed off of it 😡 I don't think I was even depressed (just autism; I kept running out of class)
that lamictal nausea tho 👌👌👌
Quetiapine (REMEDYREPACK INC.): Quetiapine tablet is an atypical antipsychotic indicated for the treatment of: Schizophrenia (1.1) Bipolar I disorder manic episodes (1.2) Bipolar disorder, depressive episodes (1.2) 1.1…https://t.co/Rr06Vi793G https://t.co/7XBgLWr46E
Two Aleve, two Goody's headache powder, one Xanax, repeat every six hours.
The Effexor causes serious non-stop binge-eating.  Chewing gum/mints helps prevent binge-eating, somewhat.  Chewing gum for hours and hours causes jaw pain and headaches. Circle of life continues.
Xanax for the ears https://t.co/36Puf8pH5y
adderall 30 i aint slept in like a week😪
i take my adderall with milk n sugar
I’m never taking Ritalin ever again. I literally cannot sleep 🤦🏽‍♀️
my sleep schedule is every type of fucked up id like to thank god for trazodone
shower time mf adderall mf diesel mf jeans mf u feel me?
She got me popping adderall like it’s normal
@Mickey51502 Get Rivotrill or Xanax from your doctor and take it before bed. Sleep is very vital right now.
i was just like "wait, where did i put my crochet project" and then i looked down and it's LITERALLY ON MY BODY.  MY ARMS WERE TOUCHING IT.  can the universe please fucking grant me some adderall for christ's sake https://t.co/9zmYDAvVOT
my kink is tv commercials for latuda
Have difficulty making decisions?You probably have DID.This causes hallucinations.Try Ritalin
Haven’t slept in 3 days, will Xanax knock me out via /r/Drugs https://t.co/kpA2CNkvF1
@SJ_Chezzy citalopram was my worst, but duloxetine was making me feel so sick they have stopped it for the past few weeks, I'm hoping sertraline helps me ;-; gross though isn't it?
@noahpeep Mmmmm delicious I have xanax cereal
And youve never taken adderall before now, right? https://t.co/xOjtwPSM5v
my butt, XANAX, the stick n poke i don't have yet
Adderall comes from magik not Anna Wisniowski . God knows there is Karma coming before it comes the whole world is set. Not listening to Anna is getting worse  . God already learned  . if you dont know how to fill out an assessment application and enter St Marys Hospital in DP
Have unwanted hair growth?Yes?You suffer from Tourettes.This causes eventual death. Try Ritalin
When u pound half ur adderall script n stay up long enough to catch the feels.
I took adderall twice this week and I just got this text message omg https://t.co/V5iKOZEV7I
Xanax pressed as shit;
Have bad breath?Yes?You suffer from Depression.This causes a catatonic state.Try Xanax
My shot ass kept asking the quick chek guy if they had any adderall when I was looking for Advil
Have boils on your ear lobes?You probably have Premature Ejaculations.This causes loneliness.Try Xanax
in treating slipped discs depending on the pain level. you have medications, physiotherapy and excruciating pain. it's likely your Orthopedist will tell you that all you can do is manage it. the side effect of Lyrica (the drug) is mad: Moodiness, dizzy spells, weight loss or gain
Our brains ain’t even awake yet. And with the way my brain works it won’t be until I pop this vyvanse .... 😴
xanax   literally zero circulation but go wild. *soul replied with an intimidating voice.*
@lisabe65 Sick the past three weeks. With my health probs I take the shot Enbrel which is an ammunosuppressant   I had an abscess on my stomach and didn’t stop the shots so they turned into MRSA that one cleared once I stopped the shot  got one on my thigh so I haven’t had shot I. 3 weeks
Have a mumbling issue?Yes?You suffer from Depression.This causes phantom limbs.Try Xanax
@lisabe65 I take that for migraines.  I take up to 800 mg of seroquil and 400 depakote for sleep.  And then when I still can’t sleep I will take a .5 Xanax.  Those little puppies kick my ass. It is so funny.  Because I take 3 30 mg roxicontin a day but the Xanax will make me stupid
@Wangleberry I've not taken sertraline but I put on about 7 kg on mirtazapine, given my weight before that had been stable within a kilo for years before that. Switching to fluoxetine has arrested the weight gain but I'm not shifting what I put on
@DrCherylBrodie @RogueSNRadvisor The rest if us are also sick from this administration.I went up 2 more mgs of my Xanax.That's 6 mgs a day.Truth that  and my dental nightmare I've even gave up my belief in Christ.  I to can't believe I live in this Counrty.I've growled &amp;begged to get my health issue finished https://t.co/GpvgnKOORZ
anyway swallowing down my ritalin with an energy drink showing im not afraid to die
I hate xanax it makes it soo easy to cry over little shit
Adderall had me like lovin everyone and shit
So I take trazodone to get decent sleep at night because for some reason, I have a backwards circadian rhythm and have for years. I forgot to take it last night so I slept like 3 hours. Now I’m awake. I can take it because I need more sleep. But I also have to be awake sooner.Ugh
i should not have taken an adderall earlier i am not out like a 💡😂😂😂
There's a group on Facebook dedicated to helping people wean off Duloxetine (or Cymbalta in the US). To do it without side effects takes 2 years, and you have to literally remove one tiny ball from the capsule at the set time. #thismorning
Sick I’m still up off this Adderall fuckin around with GT🤦🏾‍♂️
Let these meds flow 🔥🔥 #xanax #kpins #wine
we were somewhere around barstow on the edge of the desert when the xanax began to take hold
holy shit my throat has never burned this much in my whole life i cant breathe in or swallow i just had to get a throat lozenge i think i legit breathed in fire to my throat
I started a new medicine called Geodon. I was on Vraylar. I kept staring off into space. I had to snap back into reality.
Delicious!
Stop yelling gang shit when all you do is eat Xanax with your loser ass friends.
Somedays im just too tired to sleep. The anxiety to sleep overcomes the urge to sleep. I used to take Xanax for anxiety. I'm learning to cope other ways.
On a steady diet ofsoda pop and RitalinNo one ever died for my sins in hellAs far as I can tellAt least the ones I got away with
On a steady diet ofsoda pop and RitalinNo one ever died for my sins in hellAs far as I can tellAt least the ones I got away with
This is me waking up at 4 a.m. every day on the dot from the lingering leftover bit of my adderall prescription and then promptly going back to bed
@mancantsupply same for me but with xanax
Have migraines?Yes?You suffer from Toxic Shock Syndrome.This causes eventual death. Try Paxil
that's fucked up.
reminds me of me when i was on ritalin
depression and vyvanse do not mix bois
I hate a “I have ADHD so adderall just makes me normal 🙄😳” face ass nigga, just tell me whether it’s $3 or $5, I’M GOOD FOR WHATEVER
Idk why people with no actual anxiety take Xanax . You only suppose to take quarter to half through out the day to balance chemical in your brain to be normal. People be abusing Xanax like candy it’s crazy.
Just started fluoxetine because I couldn’t get access to psychological therapies on the NHS. Feel absolutely rubbish. People just assume you take a pill and feel better instantly.
How To Lose Weight On Seroquel Xr : Maintaining a Healthy Weight on Seroquel &gt; https://t.co/nYA4vKbDee #weightloss #fatloss #diet https://t.co/FTAmL0owsv
trazodone is the worst sleep aid on the planet. not only did i NOT sleep i been sick the entire time. trash
Lyrica's mom could suck me off like this #LHHHOLLYWOOD
i start my day off by putting on my airpods, and drinking a redbull with an adderall
it’s strange when I’m feeling like I am nowbecause I feel like I should go back on medication bc I’m so badbut also glad I don’t just have like 1000mgs of prozac just lying aroundbc my brain thinks it’s useful to take them all at once
SHIT WAS LIT TOO
Yup. Its time to re-post this information. Many children are given the flu shot. Get the flu. Are given tamiflu. Then die. Officials Blane the flu. Push more flu shots that are only 20%... https://t.co/Xng2b96wYR
I did this to my grandmother so she’d quit smoking. She just told me to get a lozenge and hush.
Have an itchy tongue?You probably have Skitzo.This causes blood clots.Try Ritalin
I miss Xanax I used to have so much with her
Same for quetiapine. The drug that saved my life?; perhaps. Induces sleep?; very much so, from personal experience. Handle with care.
Recently got reminded how surreally good "Trazodone" by Trophy Scars is.
This week in #AnkylosingSpondylitis living: methotrexate on Wednesday led to wicked hangover yesterday that’s still going this morning. Got my flu shot, arm still sore, and seems that I’m having an injection site reaction to my Enbrel. Can’t win for trying?!
@LordCatoshi Tamiflu is working wonders though. Only 1-2 days of excruciating sickness really.
@rafaelhideki__ adderall - max frost
ur layout snapped sis
i been up three daysadderall and redbull
Me of xanax = mans whacked . Me of 10 flats.. 10 dead man
thought this said xanax don’t know why just thought it was funny
@BreitbartNews Have another Xanax Mika.   Your anxiety is showing.
@TVFaceBot Tfw you have to stop riding your motorcycle to take Xarelto.
@mckvstheworld @DeniseFlores @sinisterhoodpod @ChristieOrGTFO Take some Nexium. Stay away from NXIVM.
@AliceEvansGruff  I know your dilemma. At 6:34 this morning, Yeager and I finished off half a package of Nutter Butters. Couldn't sleep. Didn't take my Trazodone!
@Dustyjumpwings talk to your dr...trust me.  I started losing my hair when I was taking effexor, I had to stop it because I could notice how thin my hair was getting.  now i’m on zoloft &amp; it’s definitely better, I still lose hair but it’s not as significant
@BrianIsSuperRad I got xanax on deck,pmme asap
I love this man
@Corrina35038731 Have slowly stopped my duloxetine, need to feel human for a while. Day 5 without, regular coedine but still pain but i am me.
1 hr and 17 mins in and oh gosh am i actually releasing tons of emotions. My mind cannot comprehend properly and gosh why do i feel like crying so much i can’t ahhhhhhh(still needing a xanax) https://t.co/gIesrKaeNI
I swear I’m trying my hardest to avoid a Xanax prescription I can’t stand that shit. But I only got 2 hours of sleep last night. I’m gonna die if I keep this up.
It was just about when I mixed up my cologne with my albuterol inhaler that I realized this week needs to end...
I would take a Xanax for my back pain rn and I absolutely hate Xanax
@1UZ_FE_32 I wandered in there for grins and had to back out fast. Never have I seen that much estrogen and Prozac in one place.
@bennyjohnson He’s definitely an emotional drunk, and likely coming down off his adderall.
@jayal96 I was on it for like three months an I still felt ALL my anxiety ALL day lol I had to take like two Xanax to keep me calm but now I just need my lexapro no more Xanax 👏🏼
When you’ve taken your Adderall....
Oh this is getting good!!!
Her dreams went out the door, when she turned 24
Been 24 hours without my heart pill, Metoprolol. I have ins, copay and want my meds back. My head hurts. My neck is stiff and my heart is crashing against my ribs. This will be my third trip this summer for my betablockers at the ER!I cant live like this. #pain#scared  #cpp
Tell me why i didn’t take adderall today and instead got high as fuck and i feel more focused than ever
@SandyGuest @RightOnQ11 My aunt was taking Xanax when my grandfather was dying and she had a charge for $838.00 on her card for Godiva chocolate and she remembers nothing. Good times
@CarterCruise when Adderall staring making me tired and foggy instead of alert and focused, I knew it was going the wrong direction. Done.
woke up thus morning at 6am and took an adderall pill 30mg. then started cleaning my entire bedroom. now omw to mdc to do my friends homework for him.
Xanax &amp; Lean Got The Best Of Me Last Night 😴
I am drinking the coffee that makes me have to take half a Xanax 😬😬
Update: after almost a month "off the wagon" I have successfully remembered to take my prozac every day for two weeks now
@JuiceWorlddd hi my depression is acting up so i currently have been up for hours and the xanax isn’t helping (i’m prescribed)
I am SUCH a baby about self-injecting &amp; scared my #sweatyhands will slip. But this #citratefree #Humira didn’t hurt a bit! Now I’m crying tears of joy instead of tears of pain. Thank you @abbvie #hyperhidrosis #IBD #UlcerativeColitis https://t.co/SiaHK7ENij
Taken a form of #Valsartan to treat high blood pressure or a heart-attack? You could be at risk of getting cancer. Click to learn more. #justicecounts. https://t.co/W0R7GPJrAn
You want to be productive? Get a good nights sleep, eat breakfast and drink water. Or stay out all night, taking 3 second shots out of the bottle every 15 minutes and just pop a Adderall in the morning and watch yourself build Rome in one day
UGH I HATE MY GAG REFLEX i just want to take prozac 😭😭😭
“You know me, I’m doing just fine, cigarettes and adderall been keeping me alive.”
Catching up on love and hip hop aye Lyrica looking weak is shit 🤦🏾‍♀️ wtf Rockstarr really Lyrica and Teirra Mari jus shut up 🤐 Liar 🤥
Why is this so funny
I am so fucked up on coffee and bcaa's right now. I feel like I'm on 50mgs of adderall. Woah
So I took another vyvanse before my other one wore off and it’s making me so focused that I’m legit scrubbing all the stains on my carpet with a toothbrush 🤦🏼‍♀️
if your pain is alot and you try deep squats you almost cry unless your meds (lyrica things) truly mask the pain
Venlafaxine(Effexor)#Antidepressant#Masennuslääke- totally relate to-&gt; "severe" -
hey guise i’m getting my adderall today so like hopefully i won’t be so shitty in my response time 🤟🏻🤟🏻
adderall always makes me have to shit my life out 😷😷😷
IM GOING TO DIE
I was asked if #antidepressants makes one happy.  No, it just makes downs not as down. The first gave me constant head fog. The next, #Prozac, gave me nightmares the first nights every time I’ve used it. Then comes muting, dampening.  Helpful, not ideal. #BookMappingToUnlearn https://t.co/jgjoo0dUpm
I can’t actually get my hands on Vyvanse for another week and I am not thrilled tbh
Having @XavierDLeau on @ThisIsTheRead was everything I needed to finish out this week! When that fool said “rats as big as Lyrica” I just pulled my car over...I just couldn’t 🤣🤣🤣🤣 a blackass treasure u are
Think you poppin xanax bars
Seroquel overdose is how I wanna die
lyrica having a 4 am breakdown on her story like fucking mood
My entire childhood my parents refused to medicate me for my ADD, now I’m an adult taking adderall prescribed TWICE a day because it’s that bad. I could’ve had this shit figured out years ago.
After denying my request for Xanax my dentist informed me that she couldn’t give me more than the 5 shots of Novocain I already got that wasn’t working because my anxiety was metabolizing it too quickly. So guess who got pumped with Novocaine, rescheduled and upgraded to Valium!!
nobody tell julissa i came across this
Lyrica is so extra I stan
Got a Bernie's taxes!Xanax!
Last two laps, was starting to weave and stagger.  might have been tired, might be Pregabalin kicking in.Last lap, pushed out of comfort zone.  Just a little further, just a little longer with home not in line of sight.
@corybellFGC lol i remember this one time my brother took adderall for the first time, played COD so much he temporarily got arthritis in his finger
I would’ve believed him if he said he was on Adderall. Now that my friend sounds like something Juice World would be on
sorry if i'm spatting out wrong lyrica ok just let me sing fkdbfjdbhddb my emo heart out
The enemy of my life. 300 crunches✔️40mg Adderall✔️run around my yard twice✔️1 redbull✔️shower✔️.
@thesaltiestcow Aw, man... I totally get this. I suffer, too. My feet hurt me everyday. They finally switched me your Lyrica for the nerve pain. It helps, but it still hurts. I hope you are able to get dime relief, any relief. Sending you gentle hugs. ❤
adderall makes me superhuman i stg
@thesaltiestcow Aw, man... I totally get this. I suffer, too. My feet hurt me everyday. They finally switched me to Lyrica for the nerve pain. It helps, but it still hurts. I hope you are able to get dime relief, any relief. Sending you gentle hugs. ❤
I take Quaaludes 10 to 15 times a day for my "back pain," Adderall to stay focused, Xanax to take the edge off, pot to mellow me out, cocaine to wake me back up again, and morphine, well, because it's awesome #bestquote 😂
@bluekeyblade “Rats as big as lyrica” + crissle losing it took me out!!!!
No doubt $YNDX bulls are taking Xanax. The selling has been brutal.
This weekend im going to become a mom, my life is about to be changed forever someone get me a Xanax 😂❤️
LYRICA GOT FOOD YAAAAAY
One thing that I’m happy about is that the popping Xanax trend had died down
*slipping my vyvanse and oatmeal into a bag*
My Twins Turned 6 Months 10/18/18😜 #Laci and #Lyrica @lyricaanderson https://t.co/O5lsbpmigb
Wtf is sign language for Xanax 😂
This trazodone better hit asap b4 i lose my shit
Big Dick Energy is cool but have you ever tried: Adderall + Anxiety Energy?
I take Zyprexa to help sleep and calm my moods, it makes me have night terrors. I don't remember them but I guess I kept someone up. https://t.co/3RLVui0cZb
Bitch I’m off 12 xanax
pregabalin is a fucking MIRACLE DRUG
Seriously don’t even talk to me in the mornings until I’ve had my Prozac
Jokes aside, my doctor asked me if I wanted Xanax to help with my sleep or not, but warned me about it’s serious threat of leading to permanent addiction.
Adderall got me listening to what you’re saying
doctors be saying Vyvanse is going help my ADD but all it does is make me want to starve myself out and get dizzy with it
Think you popping Xanax bars but it’s Fentanyl, think you living life like rockstars but you dead now......
I think almost every college student has had a full semester where they were addicted to Xanax
Where does it tell me this on the label?
Adderall makes me talk to people I don’t even want to talk to someone tell me to shut up
Ugh. I am stressed. I'm pretty sure I need xanax or something.
Lyrica was really going through it https://t.co/q4rk7URYis
Giving out Ritalin Xanax kpins et al to high school kids with no safegaurds was a great idea.
@A_SADPIKACHU i believe honesty will get u that xanax along with God moving ur doctors heart somhe prescribes it to u. i loved xanax so much. God was good to me even before i knew Him
this girl overdosed on ADDERALL?? she must have had the heart of an 85 year old
im watching lyrica okano's stories on instagram, imagine waking up next to that pretty sleepy face :(
I stan Jai, my new fave tbh
I think I’m losing I need a xanax or something
Bitch if I scarfed down that much adderall every day I’d be skinny too fym
Have you ever fallen asleep in class?You probably have BPD.This causes numbness.Try Prozac
lyrica is SO pretty i gasped https://t.co/PM0p6ITbhW
Xanax just makes me sleep. It don't even slap.
i just tweeted this on my local twitter account im gonna kms but also lyrica looks so pretty i gasped https://t.co/cpum1AtxbE
Listen, my prozac already has the side effect of making me shaky for absolutely no reason but I literally have to take a study break rn because I'm on my 4th espresso shot and my hands are shaking too much to highlight in a straight line, my life is a modern Shakespearean tragedy
The adderall is kicking in time to fuck up this final.
wish i had a pound of xanax
@kharypayton When I got all 4 of mine pulled, the dentist also gave me 5 Xanax and said take as many as I want. I have no memory of it and had very little pain.
I hate it when I don't realise I'm on the last square of chocolate. I'm so upset I just ate it like a regular piece instead of sucking it like a throat lozenge.
Realizing I’m only emotional because I’m PMSing and I took adderall a couple days ago
@NotYourYogurt i was addicted to adderall
My cars panic alarm went off today...Without warning. And so I filled the tank up with 23 gallons of Xanax. Then it stopped. Thankfully. 🙏😂
Effexor withdrawal is a bitch and I didn't even take very much for very long.
@Riclusive i feel like a furnace and vyvanse would get me out of bed in the morning and with my two 30mg Adderall IRs still there it was a much better combination
took my ritalin tonight cus its friday and we could get busy but rn im sitting on the fucking stairs tweeting this. hate this job 😃
Excuse me white Twitter! What drugs do you take to go to sleep on flights? Trying to remember. Xanax?
03:56, 20 Oct 2018. Took 5g Ascorbic Acid. And still yet sick today, I mess up this morning going to bed at 11? Or more, so now I had yet again all symptoms by drugs Xanax, Zyprexa! Even my hearth is painfull, really fear to an Hearth Attack! So even my Gut stuck! Jaw pain too
Got diagnosed with cool guys syndrome today ahaaaaaNow I takeADderALL
@SONNYYVAL You won’t die without your Xanax sir, trust me
Arabs down advil like its Xanax thinking its gonna relieve all their stress and worries
I felt so bad I thought I needed sleep but after drinking wine, eating, taking a xanax, watching Dave Chappelle (again), drinking bourbon, taking more pills, laying down, watching Harry Potter, eating again, oh and let's say 6 vodkas...I feel normal again! Progress.
Benzos like Xanax, Kolonopin &amp; Ambien quickly alter the brains receptors. This CAUSES anxiety, panic attacks, insomnia, heart problems and many other serious health issues.Never take a benzo for more than two weeks, EVER!Always taper slowly.Help?https://t.co/0hYKSohO9N
the most memorable thing about my xanax phase was when these opps got on top of me cuffing me up n i was jus screaming at them
The lyrica might be working? Maybe? I’ve felt a very slight relief. I made homemade pizza! The dough I made on Tuesday night and it had been proofing in the fridge since then! Very flavorful crust. ❤️ https://t.co/FhYorfEt15
shower time, adderall, a glass whiskey and diesel jeans
Premier league withdrawal worst than Xanax.
Imagine if you got named Lyrica😂
@JoeSantagato Xanax is my best friend
#Tamiflu is not safe OR effective – https://t.co/6kcWGfnVPd https://t.co/akaeygzTwh #flu
my doctor told me to stop he gave me something to pop i mix it up with some adderall and i wait to get to the top
@silencekink seroquel and xanax got me thru some shit
this was funny
Crackhead once again
My psycho ass took a vyvanse an hour ago so here we go
money’s the reason I gotta take Ritalin
@Paola_Dec1231 Prozac meltdown
So far, the Humira has already helped a bit. My joints are all moving fluidly, but there's still lingering pain from head to toe.It's the weekend now, so I'm going to be medding up.Any big plans for you guys this weekend?
Disappointed in the Sicko Mode video because doing half of a Xanax (only half) on an airplane was like THE most relatable Drake lyric I've ever heard and I took it way too literally
💘💘 even tho we don’t interact much ily bitch u always answering my questions when I ask ur tweets about the Xanax also cracked me up 😭
New One-Dose Flu Drug Shows Promise: The study also found it as effective as the current standard drug, oseltamivir (Tamiflu), at controlling symptoms such as coughing, sore throat, headache, fever, muscle and joint pain, and fatigue. https://t.co/pQTUqLXmhU https://t.co/dXDuguosBm
I’m screaming Bitch that was SO HUMILIATING
Think you poppin' Xanax bars, but it's Fentanyl(No-no bars, it's Fentanyl)Think you're living life like rockstars but you're dead now (Yeah)
when i take too much adderall i feel like a sleepy passenger in my own head while my body is on autopilot
@BuzzFeedNews I had the "real flu" the year the shot didn't cover enough of the strains; had 103.5 fever; my MD prescribed Tamiflu which brought the fever down to normal in a day, and also Zithropak to prevent pneumonia.  But the enervation lasted 3 weeks. Always get the shot.
@barrydsmith1966 @heatherzamm @Iamchronicpain @ravensspirit68 @process_x @Jmkilingnyc @JMA8213 @louisec385811 @StarvinLarry @RobertDRoseJr1 @DanLairdMD @ThomasKlineMD @DaveH_RPh @Pharmaciststeve Is properly treating me thank god but my body &amp; wallet r shot. I’m having 2 take meds 2 undo the damage other meds have done. It’s so true the good old opioids r the safest way to go. They don’t harm your thyroid or Seratonin. I was already depressed but the Lyrica messed me up.
hello swiffers has anyone ever taken adderall for studying purposes
i refuse to drink coffee, i use ritalin instead
Xanax made  me forget about your ass
I wonder how many days of random crying outburst and constant panic it will take for me to finally not be lazy enough to go get my Prozac out of the mailbox
This has been a really rough 3 weeks and I’m proud of myself for not refilling my Xanax prescription. I know it would help but I don’t trust myself to not get messy again. I totally understand why people drink and it makes me sad.
Chick pulls up to drive thru with a broken window and her fuck boy riding shotgun rolling a joint: “hi I’m here to pick up my Norco and Xanax”
Got off the trazodone that shit was giving me nightmares
@Mikeggibbs Psst. If the flu vax really worked, people would never get the flu. Better to keep Tamiflu on hand in case you get it. Make sure you have ALL your other vaccinations though, and get your boosters when it’s time.
calm my bad nerves i call her my ritalin
Sleep at night and get off Xanax and booze!
Got some Xanax prescribed to me today thank god it better knock me out
I love being adderall high tbh lol i miss doing that shit in high school
I take my adderall with milk and sugar
@batnammy I stopped taking fucking prozac
And now here I am snorting Adderall (which I hate and never do) because I was too awk to say no (which is not like me cuz I passionately hate addy)
Apparently I look like I do Xanax
My doctor was telling me that lucid dreams are a side effect I might get when I increase my meds and I had to tell her that’s my favorite thing about taking Prozac
@cola @Adderall ill ground him so you can catch up
Have boils on your ear lobes?Yes?You suffer from Claustrophobia .This causes failure.Try Adderall
Lmao this is me
I took lamictal till I was 16
@HexManiacWingy That was my experience. I have narcolepsy, so I could take an adderall/vyvanse and take a nap. Sometimes it made me hyper, depending on caffeine intake and narcolepsy symptoms. Weird meds.
That’s why I stay away from a lot of drugs and stimulates cause I swear it hits me hard af😂
Why is my xanax speaking spanish? https://t.co/OI0xbTx5Cr
@ChelsieMarie_3 why did i immediately think of u smh
When my anxiety spikes, I either put a load of dirty clothes to wash or fold a basket of clean clothes. It gives me instant relief. Laundry is my Xanax. 🧦👖💦
Think ya poppin Xanax bars......
Drown myself in Xanax cause I hate being awake
@KurumiT0k1saki well i take trazodone and it can be strong so i might sleep in super late like i did that one day i need sleep but cant sleep without it really because i get night terrors and they lead to panic attacks*
Ew dude it’s almost 2019 and people are still popping Xanax. 🤮
OMFG I JUST TOOK A XANAX PREY FOR ME
BITCH. These mosquitos are on some serious shit rn. Sucking up all my adderall thru my blood like they paid for it. I’m pretty sure i have 3 cases of westnile rn.
People are still doing xanax for FUN idk what make people think cigarettes will ever be extinct.
Fell out of love with xanax 💊 and got turned onto the meds 🍼🍇🤷🏾‍♂️
ladies this is why we don’t take too much adderall. It makes me clench my jaw and let me tell u my jaw doesn’t get sore easily.. but it’s sore today ://:
I don’t wanna get burnt after death. I wish to be sent away with my stupid Kermit the frog toy holding in my hand and Xanax on my eyes. During the funeral I want there to be lil peep music playing all along. And I want a huge sign next to my coffin says “EVERYBODY IS GUILTY “
Those people just won’t give me Xanax fucking hell I’m in pain
bout to just over dose on xanax because life sucks, it’s the way to go
would it be a waste to drink an adderall at Disneyland tmrw? God I don't wanna be sober anymore
I took an adderall tn and then my mom came home and surprised me with bbq wings my actual favourite food and I’m sitting here mad as HELL with no appetite rn
Have you eaten today?Yes?You suffer from Tourettes.This causes hallucinations.Try Paxil
I just did Xanax wtf
sorry i haven’t been very funny recently it’s the cymbalta
Forcing ur self to eat cuz when on vyvanse 😫😭😭😭😭
Adderall and monster
EATIN ON THE ADDERALL WASH IT DOWN WITH ALCOHOL
@CuomoPrimeTime @ChrisCuomo @CLewandowski_ CNN needs Xanax to chill the hell out. So uptight, so easily offended. Focus on real news for once!
I wanna get my nips repierced but one time when I was fked up on xanax I ripped my right one out so idk if its even possible
at least i discovered that 100mg of lamictal is probably the closest I can get to a therapeutic dose. i started feeling significantly worse when i cut it for a few days
LOL I love having PTSD and my parents ramping up the household stress days before my birthday. Can’t wait to celebrate being 18 by being dosed up with Xanax and every other medication I have
@iwiIIstayaIive uhh I fucked with adderall
@nateroyaI i'm on pexil, so it stays in my blood stream and doesn't wear off like if you just took xanax, so i'm essentially on medication every time i drink and yet... gasp! never abused anyone!
Can the US like not pull out of,the INF? Cause I've gone my whole life without a nuclear war scare and,I'd like to keep that streak up. I don't have enough Xanax to get through close calls with the apocalypse.
@DebiDawson8 I took cymbalta for pain. It numbs me to much emotionally. So they stopped it. Thank you. I will definitely reach out.
@beccacanote Imma stick with my Effexor for now.
friday night: downing half a xanax with malbec and applying a warm compress to the ganglion cyst on my wrist
@thaniagxrl I took a Xanax earlier for my panic attack and everything is so funny
My pharmacist won’t tell me the dose for when you take enough Xanax to keep from waking up with your teeth ground to the gum line, but not so much Xanax that you don’t wake up at all. I’m just gonna eyeball it.
I have the worst anxiety about going to bed today bc i dont want to be disappointed if Xanax doesn’t knock me out like it used to
heavy 12th house stellium here🙋🏻‍♀️mom used to hide my narcotics *after surgeries*also I quit coffee a while ago, my body couldn’t handle anymoreany small substance will take over my body immediately:l.
Everyone, thanks for coming to see little old me today! #Lyrica #Bot
I’m fake Halfway back to pre Xanax Bills
I NEED A FUCKING XANAX SOMEONE PUT ME TF TO BED
Am I in a good mood because of Prozac? Or am I in a good mood because I got more than 3 hours of sleep?I don't know?
Felt pass the Xanax https://t.co/h1hn3Ifd3q
Have an extra toe?Yes?You suffer from Kleptomania.This causes skin to turn orange.Try Prozac
I heard voices like one time and I was on adderall and I was in the shower and it was like I could hear voices in the running water. Kinda undescipherable though, from what I remember. The rest is just my thoughts or my friend's.
You are really killing me with these videos and calling her “sr” 😭
Ritalin/Concerta will have you fucked up. I’ve been awake since yesterday at 15:00 🤦🏽‍♀️
@Mare_Bear_Baum @UtePadre Ha!! Me neither. I clean when I get nervous. But tonight I learned that I am too tired to clean. The house is still a mess. Xanax might be the answer. 😂😂
think u poppin xanax barsbut it’s fentanyl think ur living life like rockstars but ur dead now
Hungry bored and probably off some Xanax. Yupp
sleeping when i have an alarm set really early is such an issue for me. i’m too nervous i won’t hear it or it won’t go off, i don’t sleep! i tried everything, music, podcasts, audiobooks, xanax, silence, seriously nothing works
six water bottles on my nightstand. one for every day without prozac this is sooo sad. #draft eight now! x
her face scares me but a vocal nonetheless
I just did half a Xanax 13 hours till I land had me out like a light like a light slept through the night
@youneedashave the #Nyquil hangovers are awful!!!   The only thing worse than that I've ever had was #Seroquel.  Seroquel killed me for 2 years.  I will take Nyquil when I'm either on death's door or have gone 3+ days w/o sleep, but otherwise, I stay away from that.
if i get c.diff i will be so annoyed jesus christ cipro and metro ooooooooooo lord pray for my guts
Kxjxjzxx I love it. She sounds like she always has a Virgina Slim hanging out the side of her mouth and a glass of blackberry melot Arbor Mist in her hand. My kinda carrying on.
“He’s not my type but adderall’s my type”
“He’s not my type but adderall’s my type” -SB
i’ve been dealing with her addiction since i was 12 and i wish it never happened, having your mom drive you to school while high on xanax is so scary, especially when you can’t get behind the wheel.
Touchin her titty, I'm feelin like JustinThis bitch is feelin like JanetLean got me off of the planetI got her off of a xanaxShout out to John, he ran up the bands, he comin down to the abandoned
Y’all listen to this shit. Okay. So I had a headache around 9, I went in my sisters room and took 2 of what I thought were Ibuprofen.......... IT WAS HER FUCKING ADDERALL!!!! Never take something without double checking. No here I am at 2:30 WIDE ASS AWAKE. 😂😭😭😭
Adderall 30 i ain’t slept in bout a week🗣
This is like the turning point of my life. I let depression get the best of me. I got hospitalised bc i had a lethal overdose of quetiapine. I would have never get through this without the help of loved ones. https://t.co/oWY5d3fpt7
Me last night
Idk how y’all take Xanax I took half one my nana gave me and KO lastnight then was slumped all day today 🤦🏽‍♀️ nooo thanks
There was this patient next to my mom early young 20s overdosed on Xanax , and it really disappointing how he’s damaging his body... while others wish to be healthy and be cured.
@youre_wife @sevensauces I’m off 12 Xanax r. I’d rather not
@http_hentai oof I can take myself off my bipolar meds without any physical reaction I just get really irritable but I’m also on cymbalta which has the shittiest half life and has been reported to cause really bad discontinuation syndrome and every time I try to quit or I even forget to take
Why did my stupid ass decided to take adderall at two am fuck
@ch0colatechip She lost her Xanax funds 😂
Adderall made me go out and buy DIY bonfire supplies. Now I have to take another one to want to build it again 🤦‍♂️. This why people addicted to this shit
Goodnight.. just took 7 meds and my xanax! Goodnight!
Seriously been dealing with my emotions/feelings !! For so long Xanax has saved my ass 😭😭
drunk redneck gave me half an adderall
yes i havent replied to lyrica bc im brain machine broke rn
If I am actually using my phone and saying “I can’t sleep at once” it’s probably like with these recent viibryd nightmares- my dream makes me feel unsafe and so i want to wake myself up and calm my system first
my fuckin psych started talking about ketamine treatment and brain magnets and shit and i was like ‘i don’t feel that unfixable yet dude’ so yeah now i’m on prozac i guess
MY KNEES ARE OFF XANAX THEYRE GOING CRAY CRAY https://t.co/vX5k40JjBW
Drake had his most human moment when he talked about taking xanax to sleep his 13 hour flight on sicko mode.
Xanax: For When Reality Realities At You
@BScreamSupreme When I was on adderall, the effects it had on me were that I didn't sleep at the time I'd like to, and that I didn't eat at the times I'd have liked to. I was really, REALLY, REAAAAALLY banking on it being the kind of miracle I needed for my
lyrica really called me honey huh https://t.co/jQ002WRuZc
This paxil hurts but I have it's secrets
Trazodone in Dravet Syndrome. #Health #Medicine #Neurology #FOAMed https://t.co/3QSICPJT7h
xanax most boring drug ever
Ngl I feel functional as shit on adderallI should take it more often
Albuterol is the worst smh gets you all jittery and keeps you from sleeping https://t.co/DkY3yXuCNu
like 🤔 last time I checked I was addicted to xanax that caused me to try meth and i decided to stop and get sober before it got any further
YUNG PROZAC "HEART BREAK" ( OFFICIAL AUDIO) https://t.co/7ZTkRjzdGx vía @YouTube
crushed xanax = grind time
@andrewwhiteau I admitted myself to the Royal Melbourne for two nights after rapidly coming off Effexor so
Falling outa love with Xanax, always wanna call back.
@_mmoomin i take fluoxetine and i find they honestly really have made a big, positive difference in my life
out of adderall, the next week is gonna be a struggle.
Chase gone make me go back..😿
@kathygriffin You are so fucked up in the head! Stop taking Xanax!!!
@g0dporn Not sure abt the structural degeneration prevention w SSRI/NRI’s, but medication def effects everyone differently. I initially thought my memory loss was a side effect from being on my SNRI (effexor) for 4 yrs, but after I came off it my memory def disintegrated more. It could..
People are really quick to say "@tracyminajjjjj tweaking off the meth smh" 2 mins after popping a xanax
hmmm idk how to feel about the ritalin part tho
Have unwanted hair growth?Yes?You suffer from Melancholia.This causes inability to function.Try Adderall
Wow thanks @prozac my sense of humor is coming back to life :)
@WNot2799 vyvanse, it’s an adhd med that’s also used to treat binge eating
@AllisonLussier People are so fucking rude ! After I had my daughter I gained so much weight and people were so mean, like at least I eat food and don't blow adderall all day anymore 🙄🙄🙄 you're beautiful. Ppls insecurities project on others
Have you ever fallen asleep in class?You probably have DID.This causes loneliness.Try Prozac
(90s dog takes Xanax and It's really hard Because everyone's saying It's SO great I love it SO much. Liquefy me FUCKING liquefy me FUCKING l
Why can't food be like Xanax? Like you eat something and the anxiety is gone for hours.
Smoke u a blunt
@stiIesdereks there is absolutely zero way i could function as a human being if i took adderall absolutely not
As it’s a lazy Saturday morning, I’m currently 40 minutes deep into SM:TV Live videos on YouTube and crying laughing. So much of this absolutely sailed over my head as a kid...Prozac the Giggle Fairy?! #smtvlive #throwback #catthedog
Since ive stopped takeing adderall ive realized it didnt cause my bleeding cuticles,, i do that anyway 🤪.
My life is a fucking joke man. I’m on two Xanax and two pain killers rn and i still cant sleep looooool
I look forward to sleeping pill time all day.:. Like three Valium three zopiclone two olanzapine; bliss
Ever get high when you’re coming down from adderall??? Shits amazing I really thought Earth was heaven LOL
The adderall finally wore off and so did me being a functioning human being
Seroquel
I started Prozac this year and it’s worked soo good for me, but the anxiety medicine isn’t working /:
Xanax still on my mental but I quit them years ago
Mania and frantic behaviour. Restlessness and pacing. In schizophrenia these symptoms can be shown to be treated like obsessions in OCD or stalking with Fluoxetine.
found out that the happier you are the less sleep you need, someone pass me xanax
@1future Money pussy Xanax perkys I got it bad
Hello is anyone taking quetiapine &amp; valpros (@ the same time)? Do they make u extremely sleepy or feel groggy? I've been taking them for months now but I still get extremely sleepy during the day despite taking them at night. My psychiatrist said my body should have adjusted
Have an imaginary friend?Yes?You suffer from Munchausen by Proxy.This causes mental misplacement.Try Xanax
I'm so sleepy! I have to start getting ready for work.. 😴😴 I need an Adderall... Barely 4 hours of sleep. 🙄
sad that I wake up for 4:30 this morning just to know that I don’t make half as much as someone who sells suboxone, working 3 fucking jobs
Critical Basics of Levaquin Tendonitis https://t.co/GSTNZFVaP6 via @YouTube
I really hate Seroquel
@lt_2190 Venlafaxine is stronger than Citalopram and Citalopram is hard to withdraw from. Should be done very slowly.
@AdvocateAr I had friends on Lyrica who both gained weight but not that much. Abilify also caused another friend to gain weight. I was on Baclofen and it made me nauseous every time I tried to get up. People react differently to all of them it seems.
@Mr_Monkey_UK I am staying on 112.5mg of Venlafaxine for the time being because this tapering has mentally and physically drained me.
This is how tired I am. I took an Adderall and managed a full night’s sleep three hours after I took it. And that was after taking a small caffeine pill just before bed to ward off a headache.
Pheewew is this the mood swings or prozac kicking innn
Don't let these bitches get in ya head falling outta love wit Xanax living my life ona edge I'm sacrificing everything
RIP to my anxiety on this flight. I forgot  a Xanax
My 6 year experience of Seroxat (Paxil) can be likened to being bitten by a zombie. Only difference being, I lived to tell the tale...just about.
Mood: Give me the scope &amp; Ritalin.
Have an itchy tongue?You probably have BPD.This causes masturbation.Try Adderall
Just love being woken up everyday to arguing about suboxone. ESPECIALLY on my birthday. Oh, and my hair is falling out. Bye.
turns out that the only gid hing venlafaxine did for me was improve my blood circulation
crying at the goddang gig, waiting for the Xanax dealer to show up
I was drinking beer, popping Xanax, smoke weed all day with my boys yesterday
@Eszoiop Ritalin my friend, Ritalin !
found some xanax in my bed took that shit go back 2 sleep
Self harm ,,]/I was trying Paxil for my ocd but it made me too manic stopped taking them too soon and I had an ocd,attack and completely ripped pieces of my skin off. Anyway
He told me to commit suicide when I was on my trazodone
Trump is showings signs  of dementia with adderall use.ranting incoherent babbling. Extreme BULLSHIT BULLSHIT BULLSHIT BULLSHIT BULLSHIT
Have you urinated today?Yes?You suffer from Depression.This causes bones to dissolve.Try Paxil
Have you urinated today?Yes?You suffer from Tourettes.This causes skin to turn orange.Try Xanax
My weekend has been very stressful so far. Drive 4 hours to visit my mom but forgot my meds at home, along w my entire bag. Lost an hour on the way waiting to talk w a pharmacy about getting more synthroid. Drove forever thru the rain &amp; fog. Now my period is here &amp; have 0 items.
@vayyduh On my journey, I tried lexapro... made me crazy. Effexor worked really well, but it made my palms and feet clammy 24/7 and couldn’t orgasm... so bye lol, Wellbutrin worked pretty well idk why I stopped taking it and now I’m back on Zoloft. It’s okay but I can’t sleep well on it.
Oh no I accidentally took two doses of my Adderall
I haven’t done alcohol or taken adderall in nearly 2 weeks and I feel so mentally stable 🤔
Have an aversion to tight spaces?You probably have Trichotillomania.This causes skin to turn orange.Try Xanax
I took Xanax last night cuz I have trouble sleeping but I’m sleepy the whole day. Baru Xanax, belum seroquel. Man all these drugs I need to do kidney cleansing
@cutigerbelle @GingerWallace1 @SC_Beaux I woke up at 5:30, took my Synthroid,?went back to bed #thatshowiroll #illbetherebykickoff
Have you ever fallen asleep in class?Yes?You suffer from Autophilia.This causes infertility.Try Prozac
@ZoeTillman @PersuasivePR Or just lack of Xanax, and painkillers.
I was showering as my Adderall was wearing off to help me fall asleep and for some reason standing in the shower engaged my Mind to produce yo Mama Jokes for the past hour..  but at least they’re good i guess
@franbrice92 Yes I am a lot better today but am back on 112.5mg of Venlafaxine. It's ridiculous, I am going through my GP this time as my psychiatrist just makes things even harder. xxx
@pipandbaby Anxiety meds cause anxiety. Especially Benzo’s like Ativan, Xanax, etc.
Factor Xa inhibition by rivaroxaban attenuates cardiac remodeling due to intermittent hypoxia. https://t.co/MzD7B0Dgcu
psych who just upped my adderall, so i still have tons of dms to reply to why am i so bad at this airport, but...
Sicko mode is a sick song but a Xanax had me sleeping threw both Saturday and Sunday #48hourstilliland
Should I drive on seroquel? It’s not recommended but lemme tell ya. My road rage is at an ALL TIME low
Stellies laanies be popping liver pills like it’s Ritalin
@lazysmirk I used to be able to drink huge 600ml+ mugs of strong coffee more than once a day and now decaf fucks me up. I have ADD though and straight adderall actually gives me the ability to nap, which is otherwise impossible for me.
Poppin xanax was probably the best thing i fucking did this year https://t.co/0KKy0bLZTy
I'm so manic rn because I didn't take my Seroquel
My favorite Mathamphetamin is Adderall.
@SheRaPrincess @LadnerTricia @CidWhite2 @realDonaldTrump Watch that Lamictal, it CAUSED PNES in my son.  And Zonegran made it 100x worse. 11 per day and out for up to 5 hrs.  Off both now and no PNES with minor epilepsy.
I been taking Adderall mixing it with lean Hope I don't wake up out my sleep
i cant feel my face im on adderall nauseous
I don’t do pills no more but I might start adderall again that shit had me super focused
Forgot to call my Dr for refills on cymbalta, so I'll be having withdrawals until at least Monday. Send memes?
Note to self: NEVER dry swallow fluoxetine
can the doctor just give me some xanax so my brain can stfu i’m exhausted https://t.co/6Mthhqte4X
Weekend schedule: 3 meet ups, 1 theatrical play, 2 flights, 1 crazy party. All of this wouldn’t been possible without Ritalin from Novartis  AG. You can literally get more time with Ritalin.
Have blurry vision?Yes?You suffer from Munchausen by Proxy.This causes bellybutton growth.Try Paxil
I’ve been on paroxetine for a week now, and lemme tell ya, it was a rough start lmao. The first couple days I was groggy as hell and nauseous all day, but I’ve adjusted and now I’m only nauseous for part of the day! Incredible!
Like they so ew he need these pills the paxil forreal
i really wish the rash killed me latuda is boring! https://t.co/TozktDKwLw
good morning woke up on the middle of my bed. not the right or left side!!! no xanax for me today 😁
Distracted by money I think I need adderall
Quetiapine https://t.co/WpJZEOt1Md
@AdvocateAr Soma xanex &amp; lyrica ALL have side effects of weight gain. They work on the part of the brain that controls metabolism. Just FYI, once gained that weight can be nearly impossible to shed, my daughters wt went out of control on those type meds,  yrs later still can't get rid of it.
Everything makes me fall asleep. Even adderall for god's sake lmao
Adderall get me through today please
Sorry I was off a Xanax !!
I HAD ME A CAPPUCCINO AND ADDERALL THIS MORNING I'M ACTIVATED
But on a happy note, one of my nurses today is also a type one diabetic and ALSO is prescribed vyvanse! Just like me!
Prozac is goodat making me crazier#crazy #depressionisreal #depression #OCD #antinatalism
Have you eaten today?You probably have an extra chromosome.This causes failure.Try Ritalin
I was stupid and lost and broken until I found Xanax again.
@flossgod Dawg was on steroids heavy. One night that shit got to his head, over the weekend he drugged his son with Xanax &amp; strangled him, tied up his wife, killed her then hung himself on the exercise machine
I was off a damn Xanax last night goddamn that shit is the devil!!!
thanks for being my best friend, xanax
@chrisdelia Not sure about Quiznos. Maybe Jersey Mike's. this plus an Adderall would be interesting. also Adderall takes away any desire to jerk off. Anyone else get that from Addy?
My mom literally gave me Xanax to calm my wheezing panicky asthma attack I’m having 💀💀💀
Bro cars are just like mario cart. Everyone is racing to get somewhere. -My best friend high on xanax.
@TheRevBobLevy @KatsNaturals This is what I use vs the Xanax that my dr gave me to sleep.
Me: Doc, I’m very anxious, and I have trouble breathing. Xanax seems to help, but I’ve run out.Doctor: I don’t like to prescribe that. It’s too addictive.Me: also, my back is killing meDoctor: oh well then we better get you some hydrocodone lol here you go
This is literally me caffeine IS A DRUG sooooooo
This is my first Saturday double back in slc where we don’t get breaks. I work open to close... 15 hours... on my feet... serving tables... send help... or adderall
@flossgod yeah bro they said between the steroids making him crazy, the brain trauma from wrestling and playing football, and the Xanax prescription just made dawg go nuts one day and boom. 7 year old Daniel, Chris &amp; his wife gone just like that
vyvanse makes me pee out everything i drink p much immediately, and thus get dehydrated rly easily. i took it before work today. finding a balance between "not dehydrated" and "not peeing like twice an hour every hour" is gonna be a time
Me being on adderall is just constantly having recovered memories about things I don't remember learning, having no appetite and feeling like I'm dying if I eat anything
I feel like I took a Xanax but I didn’t
Benzos and painkillers are very effective when it comes to anxiety disorder and pain related issues. Are you Suffering from GAD, PTSD, ADHD, chronic pain, etc? #XANAX, #OXYCODONE, AND #MANY OTHERS ARE GOOD #MEDICATIONS for anx disorder and painrelieving.
letting xanax dissolve under my tongue and going back out there. pray for me.
@mapellejeff she dropped hints but even on 4 xanax i was anxious
This how I feel like I write off adderall
Ok FORREALLLL! 😭 i never drink coffee cuz im off the walls
I thought it would be better if I just quit using prozac and I’m half way right now its just getting worse
Fight to stay human.
'Speed For Days', by Anonymous (Amphetamines (Adderall)) https://t.co/CQwFUJ1YLt #ErowidExperience
Tell me how I snorted 2 adderall last night and passed out drunk anyway. You really do get lame when you get old.
i don’t think i’m going to stop crying long enough to go to work tonight and i really wish i had a xanax to stick down my throat to stop thinking about it.
i’m wet, i’m hungry, i want a drink, where’s the xanax
@wowyouaredumb1 Stay strong! I take 10mg of xanax everytime Drumpf tweets, so I don't break my furniture anymore. I level it up to 15mg if he's doing a rally.
my doctor prescribed me xanax &amp;
Effexor Pros: No sadsCons: tHeRe aRE bEeS iNSidE Me
Sleepy level: falling asleep 15 minutes after taking adderall
i take just 1 pill zyprexa 20mg. i cannot feel tired on my own because of how much sleep deprivation and insomnia i had...
young thug: How TF am I ever gonna turn myself in gotta stack up on seroquel me: https://t.co/XD6qhNY6wX
😂😂😂I turned the oxygen off on dad's breathing treatment after the albuterol was done.. He's now making comments about he hopes it don't blow up cause I touched it!! 😂😂
On a side not stay the fuck away fr Xanax by far the worst drugs I ever tried shit will make u black out and end up saying some wild shit to ur friends not to mention they cuftint everything with fentanyl now
until i get rych i’m on adderall😂i needs stay up no sleep lmaooo
If I don't get a xanax soon, all Hell is going to break loose!
I finally started this diet.... adderall
i have a Xanax problem and I need sum really bad rn
Have you eaten today?You probably have Anorexia.This causes bellybutton growth.Try Ritalin
@hellamarcella You got the albuterol shakes going on? I tried Advair once and it helped with less asthma issues but also made me unbearably nauseous every single day. So I’ll take the jitters any day lol
Taking an adderall today with a bang 😍🙃
pray for @dekuandkacchan she didn’t agree but I’m already sending her all the DMs cause I’m bored and while waiting for my vyvanse to kick in https://t.co/Sf3vLk4VbE
I had h1n1 when it was running rampant.  I honestly thought I was going to die.  I was able to get tamiflu right away and it helped but I was still off work 3 weeks and picked up every bug after that.  Since then I have had the flu shot.  Why take the chance?
@sick__66 There's no way it makes you hornier than Adderall makes me 😁
anyone else have wild ass dreams on lamotrigine 😬
anyone else have wild ass dreams on lamotrigine 🙃
Just over 3 years after starting running, I was fortunate enough to test my limits and push myself for 96 hours and roughly 240 miles. Just a few years ago, at age 30, I couldn’t run a single mile and was going to be put on Lipitor for high blood pressure. You can change.... https://t.co/ER8EzqR925
COMET trial demonstrated benefit of carvedilol over metoprolol for heart failure. Digoxin helps people feel better and out of the hospital so greatly underutilized in appropriate systolic heart failure patients. #chf
I’m in the emergency room rn and some kid came in cause he blew his nose and blood came out. The doctor is prescribing him Xanax. Like really? Is it that easy!? Shits crazy. Scary to know how easy it is to get addictive prescriptions.
fuck xanax
Have you ever fallen asleep in class?Yes?You suffer from BPD.This causes eventual death. Try Paxil
My OG🔥
why did i just find 100 Xanax pills in my cupboard excuse me
Using what my mom does against me is beyond fucked and I took xanax for a while doesn't make me a bad person yikes
fuck xanax.
28 Xanax is all I need?
Had a dream I missed my flight because I couldn’t find my xanax...accurate
Kelly: “my vyvanse messed up the bottom of my teeth cause I would grind them so hard”Me: “that’s insane”Kelly: *whispers under her breath*“Yeah that’s what happens when your addicted to crack”
I hope my assistant took his adderall today. https://t.co/3QXkB7XPgx
@emmachambiex omg😫😞🤤😈😂🤫😮💖what😞💕🤫🤧✨✨🤭🤧😜 i had no idea that xanax was a drug😫🍆🎃😞😊🤫😂😩😌😡
Blunts. Adderall. Music. Sleep.  #HowISurviveIn4Words
/that's right,pharmacology make me confused /
I have been on Humira for several years with effect. Recently developed ras on my palm that my Rheumatologist says is psoriasis. Should I change biologic #spondystream
@7be7urself7 Ya ssris lately make me high energy jittery like adderall I don’t think focused tho, I feel like when I took diet pills I was more focused but alas thems is very bad and I won’t do it again 🤷‍♀️
90s babies worst then the crack babies on god. We killed half our generation off with Xanax smh
Paxel is extremely addictive, withdrawal comes with many serious physical, as well as psychological problems.
@KylePlantEmoji It’s was inside of your prozac this whole time!!
Adderall Xanax sleep repeat #HowISurviveIn4Words
Today is a Xanax kinda day. 😈
Aldi was less busy but everything seemed louder &amp; brighter?  Was Quetiapine dulling my senses?
Everyone always says “mike you’re so skinny bc you take adderall and never eat” I ALSO RIDE MY BIKE 50 miles a day with 40+ lbs on my back so fuck off m8
Tw// My mom made me take adderall today uh why leave me alone
everyone talks about how energized they get when they take adderall but all i’m experiencing is that now my legs are shaking twice as much
They keep torturing me and I keep carving up my leg.I am now taking enough Seroquel to sleep for 14 hours!SHAME ON YOU!
my adderall kicked in and now I wanna draw all day but when I sit up I feel like I’m dying from period pains https://t.co/H1FMToCZ7s
i thought i was only getting my depression medicine@but apparently also xanax?
@AmyVLand @janosauro My sister is also on Zoloft, my grandmother was on Paxil I believe, my mom is on a few different medications(for that I am so thankful, she is mean as hell with out them.)
i got diagnosed with cool guy syndrome 😎 so now i take adderall 👉👈
@maddenlifeiswar I mean I also take adderall and don’t eat either sooooo
You know, I’ve never tried Xanax but with the way my life is going it seems like a good idea
@kitkat68960786 @TM_MadHatter 1st time I got a stone was like 10-15 mins after I took an adderall pill I honestly thought I had overdosed somehow because my mind scream "The kidneys go first" worst pain ever. The DR couldnt confirm I had a stone but suspected cause I had taken calcium pills days earlier
Jus took a vyvanse at fucking 1:50 god damnit
Everyone, thanks for coming to see little old me today! #Lyrica #Bot
My answer to Is it good to take Nexium with high blood pressure medications? https://t.co/hsxzyUuRto
dude my coworker yesterday asked me if she could drink on xanax as were leaving work last night i was like fam...no
meta-analysis: Valproate has been associated with weight gain in up to 50% of bipolar patients (detected 2–3 months after initiation). Carbamazepine has low risk of weight gain. Lamotrigine and topiramate are associated with weight loss https://t.co/cEb5WtA79V
Adderall makes me play Infinite Warfare (Zombies)
never in my life have i realized i needed a xanax prescription as much as when I’m in the car with my dad
Both medications reduced pain minimally (gabapentin-7.54 to 5.82 &amp; Lyrica 7.33 to 6.38(scale of 0-10 with 10 being the highest level of pain possible) 67% reported adverse events including drowsiness, dizziness or nausea. A study of 18 patients with 67% reporting Adverse Events?
@_tbitech It does for some people. You have to be much more aggressive about sleep hygiene than normal people tho. I have blackout curtains, a @MantaSleep mask, &amp; trazodone.
Sooooooo adderall
Literally beyond thankful for Xanax 💛
Now remember had back this night also my tears drops of pain, but what does mean ? Even with Zyprexa first years they stuck my pain and had those tears drops out control. But now mean that My thoughts gettin a gain stuck? Or what it going through on me? 20Oct2018.
@AliceEvansGruff Seroquel, Aderall, Snuggles, Coffee
@meanugly Hahaha fluoxetine? Y tho? You have a depressing episode?
Lay off the Xanax Kim K bc that diamond cross in your teeth was not cute
@ShadowShinobi_ @animeesay @boruto4life true.. i just recommend anything u feel would make u better at life.. just like how anxiety patients get xanax for anxiety.. or beer to be happy
@Alyssa_Milano Is all that I see here is just another pathetic troubled has been child star! Alyssa, just take a Xanax &amp; go to bed!
Waiting for shawty Xanax to kick in so she can go to sleep lol been talking my fucking head off all day
Jacques is shook
Money the reason I’m sinning money the reason I gotta take Ritalin
Things were getting better and better, and after a year and a half, I barely struggle with depression, although my anxiety is still a problem, my OCD and ADD have been the biggest struggles in my life. My psychiatrist started giving me Adderall.
3 cups later ive resorted to checking my blood pressure to make sure i'm not dying (i'm good)
god scammed me for adderall behind an aspen dental
Vyvanse? 💊
@DougCoupland @cymbalta Any way back? ❤️
I couldnt see my doctor at mental health the other day...booked up...but i did see the head nurse...Asked to change my meds but after i gave my reasons why, she said i sounded depressed...and put me on Prozac instead! 😒I do feel better tho...
adderall has me fucked up not in a bad way but in a "wtf im so used to having 5000000 things clouding my brain screaming constantly but now i actually feel more focused and tho im still a bit scatterbrained its not nearly as bad" way
only time i have given a fuck about you was off molly AND xanax. dude trying to coast me into being gay fuck you.
@JuiceWorlddd How does one make 200 songs about Xanax and a broken heart
@RachelODonnell6 @BoldlyTweeting They put me on metoprolol(sp?)&amp; I have Bentyl for muscle relaxer for  SOD. I was on Nortriptyline for it but my heart started racing..I’m wondering if this could be from that..I stopped 2 nights ago, but it takes awhile for symptoms to leave a body. Just weird. Only when I stand
@BreezyxSupreme Exactly I was on anxiety/mood stabilization pills (seroquel xr) and it fucked my whole life up I'm actually about to start using cbd today
I’ve never tried Xanax but i heard you been in the clouds
@SamWebb77 Don't skip leg day.  Don't take Cipro.
Cost of blood pressure drug surges in U.S. after recall https://t.co/7GR8GFJtlP
@bwakey how did you end up doing that? did you get the adderall back?
@cumdrizzle One time me and her took adderall and climbed a mountain
even cross tapering off of it and onto a different medication i’m feeling every one of these so heavy rn man, i was on the highest available dose of it for like 5 years. Effexor withdrawal is the worst i’ve ever experienced https://t.co/fERGMCGKoL
Xanax I miss you so much please come back
So important!
Bloody hell, I only missed one medication and now my head is turning and flipping about 😬😬 won’t do that again ☹️ #fluoxetine
@xvvii_l or even adderall, it’s given out like candy now i swear
It’s pre-Prozac so yeahImma be messy
#HowISurviveIn4Words Having my xanax dose... https://t.co/40PObCOPxD
Ok serious post time for homies struggling with anxietyA while back my friend told me about this stuff and my stubborn ass was like “lol Xanax can barely help me but go off” But I decided to try it and bitch it is life changing. And you can get it on Amazon for super cheap. https://t.co/unXwtl0xmH
1 hour in a house with 3 cats, and I’m now sitting in my car inhaling albuterol and fresh air while my allergy eye drops soak in 🤧
Adderall is overrated when girls call you that now its call me 'Carrot Top cause my hair clearly dyed black.
Latuda was like a sedative and I felt like my scalp was on fire and lamictdal was...I never really gave it a chance.
Midol and Xanax. Just what the doctor ordered.
Anyone know where my bottle of nexium is
@pupperony @lunarspeIIs With practice? And... therapy. I recently discovered adderall 100% made it worse too. I’ve developed a lot of Good Habits recently to control myself because like, I would honestly lose sleep/go manic when being invested in things.
Headache all day... Xanax time 😴😴😴
Adderall the greatest thing man has created
Okngoodnight, I fucked up my sleeping pattern and I wasted another day of my pointless and worthless life, quetiapine will now take me to the land of a heavy 8 hour long dreamless coma
That adderall had me sweating on a 30 degree day
i just popped the whole bottle of xanax before walking into this haunted house
@computer_screen @couchdefiler2 I lost 2 adderall btw
@mkheck Xanax is your friend. It's not healthy to be 24hrs wo sleep.
damn.. xanax was a good phase
@lavlittle I actually lowkey understand. Like I couldn’t tell my dreams from reality on Zoloft and I can’t now on Ziprasidone
@hmkerstetter Thank you. I'm skipping saline/albuterol and going straight to Pulmicort so I'm hoping to avoid the "drowning in my own lungs" thing this time around.
no xanax
@hightopfaded_ NAH BRO DOWNTOWN XANAX AND HENNESSY DONT MIX I JUST WANTED TO MAKE YOU FEEL BAD
@kablamoko You’re not alone, sometimes I need to take a Xanax just to go grocery shopping. I’m a loner, but far from being lonely. I enjoy my life of solitude.
OFF XANAX AND WEED UNTIL IM SO HIGH I CANT FUCKING SEE THIS IS THE WORST THING THAT HAS EVER HAPPENED TO ME AND IM NOT KIDDING IM SO FUCKING IM LOSING MY MIND RIGHT NOW MY DOG IS LIKE THE ONLY REASON I HAVE TO LIVE SHES LITERALLY THE ONLY THING THAT HELPED ME WITH RECOVERING
there is really, truly nothing more grating than someone 'splaining to you why the term "crazy" is acceptable while your excedrin has ceased to be effective and your withdrawal headache from poorly timed effexor doses is kicking in again
I fill my emptiness with paroxetine.
@godesosa I have BPD, not bipolar, but I've been on Seroquel since May and taken 50mg since August. I also took Resperdal when I was a teenager. I've noticed that it's lessened my negatives, but I haven't seen a lot of positives. Seroquel's made me gain 50lbs in six months.
@envy_muah Gotta stop drinking then blunts then get real busy like school and or full time work...only way I’ve ever got close...I didn’t stop but I was doing it more from habit then necessity at one point...figured out I got anxiety and I’d rather do it than Xanax nowadays
Gabapentin and pregabalin are often used for neuropathic pain https://t.co/xEJch52Zxy
Poppped a 10 mg zyprexa and left work early and slept all afternoon... i needed that... shout out to my manager that let me out early and being understanding
she never called back. I had a full blown breakdown the Monday before finals in my last semester. I wound up in the crisis center of my college with a case worker who called my LCSW. Finally she called at almost 5pm and said to take my adderall again. I crammed 16 weeks
puking all day. puked up three different xanax bars. i bet the pharmacy wont let me pick up a day early because they're little cunts lol
tryin 2 act like taking prozac for the first time in a year will automatically fix me
Adderall is the greatest thing invented in human history
IM STILL CRYING OVER THE FACT THAT MY DAD CALLED ZAYN XANAX WTFFFF SOMEONE GET ME A NEW FATHER 🤣
Drunk*
Does anyone who takes Trazodone her quick sharp pains all over their body including in there chest? https://t.co/hPgIxSQ32j #insomnia #cantsleep
I need a Xanax because to be quite honest I’m already too worked up about this game. #GoBrewCrew #OurCrewOurOctober
dry shampoo is like xanax for your hair, initially amazing and then infinitely worse the next day
Drinking vodka, drinking beer, popping Xanax. Smoking dro.. with my best freind from sharyland
Money’s the reason I gotta take Ritalin
Me and blake about to make the albuterol juul and be rich af
i love taking my vyvanse because it makes me productive and gets rid of any appetite but it makes my anxiety go through the ROOF
My daughter is very medicated on Xanax and pain meds. She came in and told me she tried to put her liquid lipstick on. I laughed so hard &amp; told her she looks like she made out with Ronald McDonald. 🤡🤡🤡 https://t.co/ZTRr0RuNCO
really i wonder what it feels like to take half a xan and b out for 13 hours bc xanax literally just makes me feel NORMAL LMAOOOOOOO
xanax got me in my feelings i might have to smack a bitch 🤭
Nexium 24HR Acid Reducer Capsules https://t.co/iNJPAUVSVz  for Heartburn Relief #heartburnrelief
I remember when my friend broke my iPad and I made him pay me back in payments of Xanax 😂🤦🏻‍♂️ wtf was wrong w me
@BunnyTheRuna I have deeply depression too,also I have worked too much.I am taking a lot of SNRI,and kinda xanax...it’s suck
7 yrs ago today, my good bud @acon22 found my naked lifeless body in a pile of piss, dehydrated fruit and tree nuts on our tile dorm room floor. Everyday I‘m thankful for him and albuterol for saving my life! Thanks guy for doing that even if it looked weird.
No clue why I have a bottle full of Zantac. Damn near got excited and thought they were Adderall
Taking a Xanax in hopes that I will be able to sleep past 8am tomorrow
sometimes I wonder if I just feel like I have dampened "normal" emotions just because my medication makes me like that. I cant really remember what it was like not being on paxil
Glad you’re still here to look at shitty memes with me. Love you man.
but since paxil is basically a sedative to me it would make sense that it dampens all my other emotions too
about to take like 500mg seroquel and call it a day hope i sleep for 20 hours
Sooooo your feet will swell up and you might go blind but your feet will stop tingling.  Gee thanks #Lyrica #livepd  #LivePDNation
Seroquel ain’t it...maybe I need to exercise?? I ate almost a big ass bag of barbecue crisps and my stomach is dying
my ocd when i take a adderall https://t.co/G9V494Chua
@lavlittle Prozac was the very same for me, my underage wine habits didn’t help the slow descent into madness ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ stuff has the half life of plutonium, too, took like a month to finally have ‘normal’ dreams and sleep
@jonginbyuns damn that adderall really do kick in fast huh
Took too much Xanax and now I'm lying on my floor in my PJs listening to my Spotify sex playlist, hope your Saturday night is aS LIT AS MINE
Pac 12 net work half time show is Prozac special. Three people with no personality talking none sense.
Damn near impossible to wake up at a decent time when taking Seroquel, shit knocks me into next week
Have a mumbling issue?Yes?You suffer from Anorexia.This causes bones to dissolve.Try Adderall
Bad news Hollywood and the Valley. I have 100 degree fever. God bless Xanax.
when you feel the adderall kick in https://t.co/ZaMnPN7znc
@Roxy3685 pretty sure it's white lies, adderall, let me down easy, sometimes, money problems, and good morning
I can’t wait to get home &amp; take a Xanax. I’m just so damn ughhhhhhhhh 🙄
1- I feel extremely bad and sad for the girl 2- I still find her bf hot: he unfollowed me on insta and texted me prior saying he feels bad but I comforted him  3- I’m really confused about all this and what he said to her 4- I feel bad she hates me 5- I need Xanax
Mile 2780: Horrible night. Had a seizure after not eating for 3 days (low blood sugar +  prescription of Ritalin + Bupropion) followed by 'minor' Tachycardia. Passed out for 6 hours. Woke up with sweat frozen on the skin. Exhausted beyond measure. Made it to Death valley #irony
My brain on adderall
@hannahtraining I don’t do downers anymore bc my baseline existence is tired and apathetic. The only thing I really truly abuse is caffeine but I have enough prescribed adderall in my system at any given time that I’m sure I’d have a heart attack if I took coke lmao
Also1- I’m still stressed 2- wtf 3- I just took xanax 4- I’m leaving this city tomorrow god
Cheryl: almost been raped, almost committed suicide, has a homophobic mother who sent her to conversion therapy, her brother was killed, and best friend taken awayRAS: ok yeah, but Betty takes adderall cuz her mom wants her focused in school. We should give her a story for that
When severely retarded niggas take blues instead of Ritalin they be catching STDs
2+ weeks off of prozac and meds in general. I feel like a human again. I also can't stop fucking talking now and have energy to do shit like cleaning shit. Yall live like this ?
@LadyChips Xanax is my best friend tonight
Everyone deserves a god damn blunt
@addrriieel leave me alone ADDERALL
@scrubsntopknot Concerta made me feel frickin weird . I've been on different stimulants since grade school and I couldn't handle concerta . I'm on Vyvanse and I've had the best luck with it
@dontbeVtachy My psych actually wanted to put me on Vyvanse but since I was one concerta before, he just left me with it starting at 18 and then bumped it to 36. I don’t know what to do. Sometimes I feel it helps, other time I don’t. Maybe I need to stop drinking coffee with it
@_mystic_toddlr_ @chesterlockhart I didn't know there was alcohol in Adam's lemonade cuz I couldn't taste it and the Xanax gave me dry mouth so I chugged his drink and yeah😳
Might drink the 5th off the Xanax
@scrubsntopknot I feel that with Vyvanse some days I get all the things done, sometimes Im just starin at wall for 10 minutes zoned out. I think it's a human thing meds won't do it all . I tried straterra last semester and it was a shit show. I know how you feel you want it to work but it's too
@KevinBarr66 Im trying to avoid xanax like the plague so broke down and stopped by lol.
@astralprjecticn How do I get more iron?👀 Like I eat and drink water but I just got off prozac so idk like I get dizzy/ light headed a lot
Caffeine really give me super powers... I can only imagine what adderall would do to me
GoT diaGNoSed WIth cOoL GUy syNDrome yEsTeRDAY. So NoW I TAke ..... ADDERALL
I got over a really tough breakup that I thought was going to be the end of me, I worked through my depression and anxiety (you the real MVP, Cymbalta!), I’ve gotten more productive, I traveled somewhere alone for the first time, I let go of my grudges, &amp; I friggin’ joined a gym!
@westprocrastina @lkoturner Yes, that too. I immediately stopped taking Paxil as soon as I found out I was pregnant but then just spent the entire time torturing myself with how my anxiety and depression was going to harm my baby’s developing brain. WE CANT WIN.
sometimes i take my xanax with wine but at least i still wear my retainers https://t.co/CeJhePwvUs
started taking damn ass prozac again today
These ads want me back on pills. “ Have adhd, vyvanse “ or “ Schizophrenia is a serious disorder in adults “. Fuck off.
feeling like I took an adderall right nkw yeehaw
i should really refill my lamictal prescription huh
@contrarianbias @johannhari101 I tried Lexapro and Effexor before finding Wellbutrin, and my experiences with both were very negative. I got little relief, despite feeling emotionally anesthetized, and had severe side effects (40lb/1mo weight gain/something akin to seizures, respectively).
my cats name is Xanadu.I call her:XanyXanaxStupid 🤪
This Prozac is definitely making me feel like deathhhhh
I Got No Job I Got No Money Got No Self Esteem, I Take A Xanax Every Morning For Anxiety
Thank you Xanax for knocking that bout down. Think I know what to talk to the doctor about. Lorazepam daily, then trail it off, just like last time. Just gotta keep myself keyed down and not overstimulated.
That rough sex get her goin’
Getting cramps and back pain *pops a Xanax* #goodnight 💀😴 https://t.co/mgBvOdXyX6
baby i take xanax till i’m asking what you doing here
i haven’t talked about it because it makes me uncomfy to talk abt my addiction bc it makes me feel like ppl only see me as an addict but i’m going thru strong adderall and oxy withdrawals and it’s fucking me up HEAVY sorry if i clog the tl for anyone else feel free to unfollow 🤥
I got diagnosed with cool guy sindrome yesterday.So now I take Adderall
I just have sex on the a a Adderall.
hello internet please lmk if you got a lot of headaches when you started taking prozac because boy oh boy my head has been hurting for a week
@SJSchauer My doctor tells me that Seroquel is my type but I disagree, I think benzo's are my best me
I should’ve died after all the Xanax and coke and bullshit I put in my body
Have you ever fallen asleep in class?You probably have NPD.This causes inability to function.Try Prozac
money's the reason im sinnin, money's the reason i gotta take ritalin
@Baseballonair @TPKlein @knbrmurph Another random nit wit getting all this attention unnecessarily. Go take your seroquel and go to bed pinhead
my cat started crying n i thought it was la llorona i need a xanax
my acetaminophen and my trazodone look A Lot Alike and that is SO dangerous
Just took vyvanse at 11pm 😀
'The woods were my Ritalin. Nature calmed me, focused me, and yet excited my senses.' @RichLouv #natureconnection #nature #quote
Doctors hand out Xanax scripts like candy. It’s Disgusting.
@retiredcalvin I had to take 2 Xanax last time my falafel was cold in the middle to stop myself from freaking the F out
@emeraldleighw bupropion. literally had to google wtf that was and wasn't aware i smoked til nOW LOLused to be on prozac
@Umbrony Ahhhh yeah.. I'll have to Google that too hahaha I was on Prozac for a but plateaued quickly. Lexapro, despite making me gain weight, has been much more consistent for me brain.
I can never tell if my Seroquel makes me hungry or if I'm timing my meals poorly. Either way the result is me eating in bed a lot.
on the bright side, i haven't cried about the loss on account of i can't cuz of prozac. like, i can't. i want to but i can't. WHY WON'T MY EYES GET WET
I can’t wait til I eventually get a Xanax prescription and never be forced to feel anything again. I would rather my anus tear from a violent shit than for me to feel emotion towards another human being. The night terrors May never stop
Rough night. Patiently waiting for my Xanax to kick in so I can sleep. 😴
PAIN MEDICATION. XANAX. AND THEY CANT GET MORE. LIKE WTF??? when he made my grandma cry i KNEW it was time to beat his ass
Lmfaooo in the worst mood possible and two guys tried to swindle my ass 😂😂😂. Mind you I thought one of them was gay &amp; the second one was off Xanax 😂😂😂😂. What is life . https://t.co/ueBliWcn5r
How the fuck do people actually get addicted to meth? Every time I take a high dose of adderall the comedown makes me never even want to touch it again
Sign Xanax out nightly
I need fucking alcohol and a Xanax right fucking now
I hid my weed in my titties and my Xanax in my coochie so bitch ain’t find shit 😂😂
I had a stupid idea. Lozenge as a lollipop.
“I take Quaaludes 10-15 times a day for my "back pain", Adderall to stay focused, Xanax to take the edge off, pot to mellow me out, cocaine to wake me back up again, and morphine... Well, because it's awesome.”
Fuck Russ forever
@MamaBethsWorld1 I take Cymbalta, is there a problem with taking it?? Inlarges liver? I take strong meds I don't need something messing with my liver.
Started taking the cholesterol-reducing medication (Lipitor) I'd been prescribed. A little concerning that a possible side-effect is making my diabetes worse O.O
Witnessing my boyfriend in front of his college friends:1. Hide daggers behind his smile in the face of snakes in high grass2. Chug four delirium tremens 3. Steal half an adderall to be taken later
Just had the Xanax induced thought that recess was just teachers getting their mandatory work breaks
@lkoturner I was really sad I had HG bc it meant I couldn’t self-report to the makers of Lamictal that my baby was born healthy after I took it the entire pregnancy. It’s the only way to get that kind of info in the medical literature! But your pregnancy has to be perfect to count :(
that great lady killing dumbass polak czerbo lost to cancer on my twenty first birthday. I went to the boats &amp; gambled alone for 36 hrs straight on Xanax &amp; weed &amp; free whiskey sours all night &amp; day while czerbo took his last breath. He wanted me there &amp; I was too chicken shit to
@libgayson @drdina1 And I took a Xanax tonight so I have no worries and probably should not be online at all cause filters ARE down right now! 😏I have already told the world I know what yaoi is..............
This character's traits remind me of my college adderall days. Really attentive to the things that were distracting me. https://t.co/PbuEm1i89z
I took adderall in hopes of studying for my exam n instead im overthinking everything about my life n im falling into a whirlpool of depression
some greater force told me to stay home tonight my original plan was to go out w friends to a frat party and get drunk but turns out the betarade was seriously spiked with Xanax
Dr Pepper reminds me of Xanax
i don’t have my ears pierced and years of xanax abuse gave me short term memory loss
Adderall Got A Nigga Geeking 😂🤦🤷💪
@godesosa i take lamictal and i think its the best. I still do have my excessive mood swings but they are way more manageable. I still feel like myself, because a lot of the meds for bipolar can make u feel like a zombie and just numb
@nikeairaaron LIKE I SAID not gunna refresh ya memory because non adderall is too shy to tell you about all that. If I weren’t drunk I wouldn’t have even retype that I had the baby dream OK
@nikeairaaron a little bit of adderall at like 6 so I would some assignments..... but Idk its just like I really am like a really good person like I’ve only been at work for 2 weeks and I’ve been complimented and bragged on by my bosses, customers and shit got
─ there's not enough xanax in this world (to make me not go insane)https://t.co/RX59dUYD4v https://t.co/FNCo5cKlZE
Everyone, thanks for coming to see little old me today! #Lyrica #Bot
ive been feeling sexy allll the nicotine and the ritalin and ai creations and sex oh my!
literally
I took xanax today.
“How to murder your life” has fucked me up because now I just sober hallucinate mice in my apartment when the clock strikes 2. I did not take a million adderall and then a million Benadryl’s like Cat did yet here I am COMPLETELY FREAKING OUT
Have you eaten today?You probably have Pica.This causes eventual death. Try Ritalin
I found some Xanax in my bed, I took that shit, went back to sleep.
took an adderall but now i’m focused on the pain
i got so stressed that I took a nap and got knocked out for 12 hours and then woke up to find that my period broke, basically my weekend has been wasted crying, doing adult stuff, xanax and ibuprofen
Have a mumbling issue?You probably have Autism.This causes eye hemorrhagingTry Prozac
@tstallone TY Teresa! PsA feels so unknown and people usually expect to see skin issues. BC I take Enbrel and it cures my skin psoriasis, I have nothing that people can “see” so they don’t believe that anything is wrong.  So damn frustrating!  Today I have 7/10 pain but it’s “hidden”...
I should’ve live streamed me watching season 2 of making a murderer cross faded on Xanax and weed
For someone that was addicted to adderall in high school I am not handling my caffeine tonight
Every bone in my body hurts!  We danced to all the 98 jams all night!   My 20th high school reunion owes me nothing....but some Boniva!!! Ha!
@tyleroakley @beautifuIshoes Wow the sound of that intro is like an instant Xanax I am so at peace. I had forgotten how those videos saved my life back in the day. Man oh man
You a real one
Does LYRICA for fibromyalgia pain have effects to DM Type 1 meds? - https://t.co/OXM2k6AY3z
School is so stressful I need me a pumpkin spiced adderall
Bruh
“Xanax still on my mental, been a few years since I quit em, I don’t wanna relapse but I may relapse cause I miss the feeling, the Percs been cool but I’m starting to get sick of em..”
y'all i've been off vyvanse for 3 weeks and i can't do shit and i feel really really bad about it and everything sucks okay good night
Adderall and the percys the only thing that keep me focused
Top drawer mental health meds joke here.  😁👍
@NikeAirAaron nooooo I’ve been taking vyvanse for a week and a half and I think that shit like coming back.... like the worst of it the second thing just happened. But I’m not sure cause I’ve been on adderall until like Thursday and worse than normal until kinda
@nikeairaaron nooooooooo ) : I just want to be skinny Unlike all my fam and have energy like normal ppl.  I just want vyvanse to be okay for now atleast until I lose weight and then control what I eat 5 my 1 Meal a day later bye
@UnreadDatum @Court_Moran Oh, I'm bad for that too. It's cooling off here, esp at night, but it's still a bit too humid to make a night of it. Late restless nights are when I love to prepare &amp; bake bread. Problem is my Lyrica meds have started making me hungry so I tend to eat in the kitchen too.🙁
@BipolarTweets I didn't like the side effects of Venlafaxine, they made me feel numb. I think my dose was too high.
Should I snort my Vyvanse?
Woke up with heartburn and then anthony had a nightmare and was thrashing around in bed so now im awake for good whats up yall good morning lets get this nexium
Females do shit like this and got nerve to say "omg I crack myself up, I hope I get a man who can tolerate my goofiness🤪" like no, you grown. You need some fuckin Vyvanse &amp; to stop actin like that
This Seroquel supposed to make me sleep. But instead it makes me eat.. constantly
Soon as I get off the Prozac mfs tryna put me right back on the shit and I refuse. Not over no raggedy bitches.
Noses take time off my roomates MESS or second adderall
I’ve had 20mg olanzapine and 2mg loraz.Please let sleep happen
@7NewsBrisbane I got repeats made up of Lyrica today after getting persistent neuropathic pain, essential tremors and anxiety from moving house soon, and have had 100mg, one each of 25mg and 75mg strengths.  Lyrica works very well taken together with Buprenorphine (Temgesic).
@fawkyu4 @MortimerJames1 i was blacked out? he gave me a xanax
@Boogie2988 how many anti depressants have you been on... i bet he'll just up your dose.speaking from experience. me, i just gave up and stuck with fvcking paxil bc going from one drug to another is honestly so exhausting.
Ion like Xanax anymore though, nor Lean.......That shit is pretty dead to me officially.
This video solved my Vicodin addiction and got me addicted to Xanax.:https://t.co/2Po7v7q4Yb https://t.co/7f0rCLkmcN
Have Depression?Yes?You suffer from Munchausen by Proxy.This causes bones to dissolve.Try Ritalin
Xanax pour in my neck
Earlier at the xanax lifestyle atm bc i really wouldnt recommend binging on my life atm that as much as much on this is on
@_mmoomin Fluoxetine has honestly changed my life! I’m so much better on it, good luck gal🖤
Nexium Causing Permanent Kidney Failure.https://t.co/KGhAHtXNqC
@iStalkPhatGirls Oh fuck yeah. Happened to me a bunch back in 2007-2010 when I had 5 jobs and was popping Adderall like breath mints.
@RainbowFoxyArt yeah, i was scared and didn’t start taking mood stabilizers until i was 20 bc i was forced into it during (semi)involuntary hospitalization 🙃then started taking adderall and some assorted anxiety meds about a year later! and that combo has honestly saved my everything
@yungboilover Xanax point of vieww
I fill my emptiness with fluoxetine.
@ShayneEdson I had antidepressants (Trazodone) and my experience was so horrible that if I now had to choose between antidepressants or death, my choice would be death. 💊👎☠️👍
why was Jonathan given 11 injections of the drug. Why did he have bruises on his head, legs and arms when he was admitted to Lister Hospital? Why were there fluid charts missing ? Why were samples from his body left to deteriorate before anyone had analysed them? #HumanRights
mental health twitter !!! does anyone have any info/advice about coming off duloxetine without going to the doctor?
It take me long af to get into a deep sleep i was falling asleep at 12:34 and wasn’t even deep asleep at 1:03 cuz i woke back up this shit crazy crazy im finna start taking adderall again😂😭🆗
Ever since I’ve been on Xanax my whole life of emotions are completely different 💔 #WRLDONDRUGS 💭
@spacereprobate https://t.co/73l5AUJwd3 Eliza is the De facto expert in my mind
The old lady in me is like damn these kids trippin off this lean shit and Xanax. Then I got thinking we used to do the same shit dumb shit IN CLASS. Awful.
honestly though I did a lot of confidential emotional labor today on the heels of untangling confidential emotional labor yesterday, plus I had an effexor withdrawal headache, and the emotional labor dealt with realizing I was possibly being manipulated
me when the adderall kicks in https://t.co/nYXTPB1ZED
Drake had his most human moment when he talked about taking xanax to sleep his 13 hour flight on sicko mode.
@hannahferrier_ @Dyson Thought it was a lozenge for a blocked nose and throat 😀
this is literally my worst fear being crushed to death by other humans fuck I need a xanax
real question whyd i take an adderall at 12 i have comquered sleep
I been takin adderall, mixin it wit lean. Hope ion wake up out my sleep
@BigStrongFast 120 Percs, 90 Lyrica and 30 muscle relaxers, still I was in pain, now with Kratom pain free but ran into hardships so I have no Kratom now and I didn't withdrawal, Im just feeling except m every once in pain. Ibuprofen doesn't even scratch my pain. Do what it takes, keep it legal
American students get addicted to Adderall, British students get addicted to coffee
@Corrina35038731 i got off the amitripaline and felt better. even better was coming of the lyrica. my brain cells are becoming my own again. pain levels havent changed but i can actually cope better
.@SickNotWeak Please RT this, I really need help. I have really bad anxiety and it's been worse since the weather change. I have a fear of thunder and I wondered what I could do about it. Will Xanax help me sleep through it? Should I buy earplugs? The weather is all I think about
them dumm lmao wtf
i wished u loved me like u did xanax
havent pulled an all nighter since college and back then i would just do it bc all the hot boys looked dead in the lib ... and i also got so much online shopping done on adderall
I was Dx with hypothyroidism in my late 20’s. Given Synthroid (made me sicker/didn’t work). Did my own research. Doctor was annoyed at me😂. Happily walked off with a Rx of Armour Thyroid. The laugh was in her. Watch “Sick to Death! 8min Trailer” on #Vimeo https://t.co/o4rEX5d9MB
@TobiBennington Hello, Tobi. Could you please RT this and help me out? I have really bad anxiety and it's been worse since the weather change. I have a fear of thunder and I was wondering what I could do. Will Xanax help me sleep through it? Should I buy earplugs? I'm terrified
@ThomasKlineMD Mainly pain meds but Xanax (Alprazolam) helps with my muscle spasms which cause a large amount of my pain. As well as allowing me proper amount of sleep which also helps significantly w/pain. It also controls my severe tachycardia &amp; anxiety attacks from PTSD. But no Xanax now😒
haha my dog  autistic  getting fucking annihilated off the xanax IM LITERALLY SHAKING
King Xanax
Have you eaten today?You probably have Pica.This causes infertility.Try Adderall
I ain’t been to sleep like I’m off Adderall 🙄
@Treyarch this is going to be my last tweet. This poorly tested, dogshit game needs to be sorted. I’ve had more fun stubbing my toe on the sofa this game is that bad. The shotgun makes me want to pop a Prozac . Dogshit game sort it out you fucking retarded manchild’s. Good BYE
sleeping pattern so fucked at this point xanax is the only answer
@AidenWolfe I took 60 xanax and flatlined. A paramedic brought me back and was honored for saving me. I Woke Up 3 days later in the ICU. And a year before that I slit my wrists. That was 10 years ago and I'm a lot better now. I was only thinking about myself.
im not actually sure why rappers brag about taking Xanaxyou take anti-anxiety pills? bitch me too you aint special
Have you eaten today?Yes?You suffer from Munchausen by Proxy.This causes bellybutton growth.Try Prozac
So... where’s my adderall?
Have an itchy tongue?You probably have Avoidant Personality Disorder.This causes complete blindness.Try Paxil
On that Ritalin again making bread. Feel free to dm me and keep me companyyyy
The @US_FDA has approved Janssen's blood thinner Xarelto to reduce the risk of major cardiovascular events in patients with chronic coronary artery disease or peripheral artery disease. https://t.co/4dcjtum8U2
Honestly I hate talking to people on Xanax because I have to repeat myself all the fucking time
shower time, adderall, a glass of whiskey......and diesel jeans
I have had such bad experiences with photographers lately, I feel like I need a Xanax to work with anyone but Tim and Evita 🙃😐
Think u poppin Xanax, but it’s fentanyl
Sooo I just need my Prozac and the sailor moon dvds and I’m set
i’m so fuckin dead I need a xanax and a fat burger and a sleep
forgot how you get a "feel like i could kill god" type vibe when you first start taking adderall again
@imcorinnemec Same here. Went to sleep at 2 and up at 5. There’s not enough weed or Xanax to put me back to sleep.
Never will take this crap 💩
@lt_2190 @MHCurious I hope you are doing better at the moment ! (I got severe prob w withdrawal too fr Venlafaxine.Would have never thought - there's no informing really of such/this severe problems. At least what I have seen.)
Have a habit of stealing?Yes?You suffer from Autism.This causes bones to dissolve.Try Ritalin
Thoughts on Tamiflu (before we get there): Don’t get any. It doesn’t help, it actually makes most flu cases significantly worse.
I feel happy today. 🤗....*It's not me. It's Paxil.*"I feel like dying here and now."😩...It's NOT Paxil. It's me.*
2 years clean from Xanax. Thankful to be alive
fuck man i blinked and it was day time  vyvanse is the shit  still going
A Teenager Goes To The Doctor With Depression Or Anger Problems And They'll Tell You To Take So Much Xanax It Rots Your Brain But Gender Dysphoria Woah Woah Woah Lets Not Go Crazy Here
I used to say “it’s okay I just popped a xanny” to my friends when they knew I was about to have a panic attack. I see now that saying that is probs not best... even if I really am prescribed Xanax. I realize it is another way to say you’re getting lit... which I promise I am not
@ericsslater I am fine, having the same panic attack as the Sunday two weeks before 9/11. Took a xanax to calm down.
guccinax my at been off the xanax
I feel like the energizer bunny on Adderall. https://t.co/MOfvx18Sby
#FitnessMotivation #Fitspo Best Workouts To Gain Muscle | Adderall is Killing the Gains | GAMES 2 GAINZ Ep 11 https://t.co/uspT9jXU6l https://t.co/9a4Nw0KeYk
#FitFam #FitLife Best Workouts To Gain Muscle | Adderall is Killing the Gains | GAMES 2 GAINZ Ep 11 https://t.co/E4BOpSSWMr https://t.co/eoObwm5PQ8
#Workout #fit #gym Best Workouts To Gain Muscle | Adderall is Killing the Gains | GAMES 2 GAINZ Ep 11 https://t.co/dbBzf7sZXu https://t.co/ThHSqmzzZo
Today is a I feel “high” off of my adderall type of day
#GetHealthy #HealthyLife Best Workouts To Gain Muscle | Adderall is Killing the Gains | GAMES 2 GAINZ Ep 11 https://t.co/uU0ccWCKBC https://t.co/KP2ZDSjXsl
#GetFit #GoalSetting Best Workouts To Gain Muscle | Adderall is Killing the Gains | GAMES 2 GAINZ Ep 11 https://t.co/hwGmtnA4vM https://t.co/Js7Nlqnv2F
#ketodiet #diet #weightloss #body Best Workouts To Gain Muscle | Adderall is Killing the Gains | GAMES 2 GAINZ Ep 11 https://t.co/jPmcVTDNih https://t.co/GGClKafvYT
One annoying thing about taking Adderall is the part when you first wake up and can't breathe.
I have this really fucking bad habit of silencing my alarm to take my effexor and then taking it like 15-20 minutes late everyday. Why am I like this.
@CelestialSandra I'm currently in the same situation. I was put on Zoloft (took it twice) and scared the eff out of me. Stopped taking it. Started having panic attacks, the ER prescribed me Xanax. It made my life a living hell for the 5 days I took it. Then another 2 and a half weeks to feel...
@Linktheinformer But that's me strictly. xanax, ativan, and haldol namely make me hallucinate when the med goes into half life form.
I thought that my fast heartbeat was proof that i took my adderall but then i remembered that's also something that happens with my anxiety, which i get when i can't remember if i took my adderall. 🎉yikes🎉
@pamcho3 @Rindie62 @AidenWolfe Ouff. I had no insurance &amp; found out when I was forced to go due to swollen feet after getting a 2 month intravenous antibiotic drip with Levaquin for an infection in my big toe that went into the bone..The stabbing/burning pain has been there since
Back then I’m goin’ crazy with the homie. Posted in the club crashing Xanax I don’t know where I be this is crazy.
☹Down down off that Thorazine Seroquel Abilify Trazodone haldol high FrFr the sweats &amp; night terrors tho FrFr dang #MorningUgh 🙁 @ Downtown Riverside, California https://t.co/hoF2qja4Kx
Diabetes Drug Gangrene Lawsuit https://t.co/WEiZbIvZph
I don't think these depressed kids think about being cool fam
In a comparison to pregabalin, gabapentin may be superior for treating chronic sciatica #pain. However, at least one expert thinks that’s not the whole story. https://t.co/6R4I3v0UZ6
Have you eaten today?You probably have Tourettes.This causes bellybutton growth.Try Xanax
adderall induced anxiety attacks :)
Take care of Sweety Geek. That chemo is hell. I spent 2  yrs on it. And just the dread of it gave me bad anxiety attacks. Thank God my Oncoligest started me on Xanax. But he retired bc he saw what Oboycare was gonna bring. My new doc refused me Xanax. Now it's hell 24/7 😞🐾🐾
Smh. Haven’t had to pop a Xanax in a minute but my hearts going to explode.
i def remember it being the most painful because my friend was with me (but i was on xanax so 1.) the pain was probably less and 2.) i dont remember much of it) but i had to keep holding her hand bc it hurt a lot lol and i kept making faces too like grimacing and whatnot
today is day 4 without prozac https://t.co/xavWTJ79Um
I did 7 wks in the hosp w/ round the clock IV antibiotics, 4 wks catheter. Later, staph inf in my heel, had heel bone shaved twice. Dislocated my ankle, walked on it a wk b4 I realized it wasn't sprained (due to numbness) had surgery, heavy fixator w/ 14 pins, 4 mo in conv hosp.
Took me a while to agree to add #Seroquel to my meds regimen. Something about the word #antipsychotic didn’t sit comfortably, afterall..... I’m not a #psychotic, am I? Ultimately, Seroquel gets the job done and as for the class of drug...Whatever #bipolar 💊💊💊 https://t.co/XtGpEoxv4V
some affordable therapy would be nice so I’m not buying xanax off the street to cope but to my “friends”, that’s just me being an addict. wish y’all knew that it only makes my depression worse when you roll your eyes.
@chestnuthell @__fc Is it too early for a Xanax because I have extreme alarm right now.
Feeling a little better today!! ☺️ We are having a few hiccups with her breathing, she’s having some asthma issues and maybe some trachea swelling. They are treating her with albuterol and it seems to be helping. She’s feeling much better, though! https://t.co/BxJzdLWKAi
Adderall, sex, and alcohol typically solve most of my problems
Aspirin just as good as Xarelto for preventing clots after hip,... https://t.co/Uu9dbwlhv4
i relapsed last week and i ended up increasing my tolerance so now i have to shove two suboxone films in my cheeks like a godamn junkie hamster
@catehall Pregabalin ftw, just throwing it out there. Sorted me right out.
@ThomasKlineMD fyi - I started adderall to make up for the loss of energy from 4 years of cancer treatment combined w/damaged pituitary, adrenal and thyroid glands. I couldn't stay awake for more than six hours, then a long nap (even w/daily steroids).  Much better now w/reduced pain a benefit.
@rronnilynn @kiraalex Yea.. Pills are horrible. I was on Xanax for a while but it would fuck up my memory so I've been smoking for 10 years..
@MissCocoDeluxe @rronnilynn Yeah Xanax is no joke. I'm glad you found something that works for you though. Anxiety is hell fr.
I need Adderall to get me through today.
My dad swear I be crashing my car cause I’m stoned, first off I was off Xanax
@BlakeMargot aight so i had a dream last night you had a ton of adderall in your pill bottle at the shore house and i was trying to take them while you were coming upstairs but you were coming to fast so i took the whole bottle😂😂😂😂 fucking weird dream man
Send a text to my ex, blame it on the xanax
Homies keep dyin fuck Xanax
why do xans feel like they last three days? @xanax
If you think you have the flu, please try to see a provider in the first 48 hours of symptoms onset; you can take Tamiflu during this time.Tamiflu, not to be confused with Theraflu, is an antiviral that shortens the amount of time you’re sick.
Say, I ain’t gon lie. I feel played that my people ain’t let me get adderall in highschool.
@WitchHuntTweets @vickieDiSabato Must be out of Xanax refills.
This happens far too often.
Tamiflu may also lessen your symptoms, but there’s no guarantees on that.If it turns out you don’t have the flu and you took Tamiflu, theresnot really a penalty for taking it; it’s not like antibiotics.Nausea is the most common side effect I’ve been told, but that is rare.